(START ASAP!) Entry Level Customer Service and Sales Rep --...

medical No Experience Required- 100% TRAINING PROVIDED! Immediate Hire available! Start 2018 off with a Great Advancement Opportunity and an Awesome Company Culture!!  What Matters Most To You In Your Next Position? We are looking for Competitive Individuals to fill Entry Level positions in sales, marketing, customer service, and business development for our expanding firm. The right individual will love the thrill of a challenge and thrive in a high energy, fast-paced environment full of motivated, like-minded individuals!!! An Entry Level Customer Service and Sales Representative receives complete and individualized hands-on training in each division of our company. We take the time to develop and train the individual to handle real world situations and take initiative on any campaign. Trained, highly motivated, proactive representatives are invaluable to us.  CROSS TRAINING INCLUDES: SALES , MARKETING, AND ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN MANAGEMENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HUMAN RESOURCES / SOCIAL MEDIA & COMMUNICATIONS MANAGEMENT TRAINING  Requirements: Outstanding COMMUNICATION skills both verbal & written. Able to PRIORITIZE and work INDEPENDENTLY Able to work effectively in a TEAM environment, and also on their own LEADER & RESULTS-ORIENTED mentality No Experience Required, but College Degree Preferred!  Submit resume to apply to our Human Resource Department! We're looking forward to meeting you!      Applicants with a background or education in the following areas should also apply: sales associate, assistant manager, team lead, corporate trainer, sales representative, retail assistant manager, account manager, management training, sales/marketing management, training, sales training, broadcasting, media, social media, SEO, branding, brand representation, sales and marketing training, in house training, entry level training, professional training, business training, business experience, marketing experience, sales experience, entry level experience, restaurant sales manager, server, FOH, BOH, restaurant, bar, bartender, entry level train others, management training, full time training, shift supervisor and leadership roles, entry level full time, entry level sales and marketing, entry level marketing and sales, entry level corporate training, training in Des Plaines, Rosemont, entry level in new jersey, entry level business administration, entry level management training, entry level experience, entry level immediate hire , intern opportunities for college grads and students, study abroad, internship, marketing intern, hospitality or restaurant experience, sales assistant manager , entry level retail sales associate, team lead, marketing management, campaign management, marketing assistant, marketing coordinator, marketing job, event promotions, promoter, event planning, account marketing representative, junior account sales representative, sales and marketing jobs, sales and communications experience, retail associate jobs, career, entry level jobs, entry level, social promotional sales, event sales, event planning, restaurant experience, bartender experience, retail experience, customer service background, customer service experience, hospitality experience, hospitality jobs, hospitality careers, advancement, training, full training provided, paid training, entry level sales and marketing You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
1st & 2nd Shift Part-Time Warehouse

We're a growing company, and we want YOU to grow with us!
Menards® home improvement stores are conveniently located throughout the Midwest in a 14-state region. From the novice do-it-yourselfer to the experienced contractor, Menards® has something for everyone! As a family-owned and operated business, Menards® is truly dedicated to service and quality and is the place to "Save BIG Money!®" on all your home improvement needs. As an employer, Menards® provides the tools and training that are needed to ensure that we provide great customer service, in stores or online. Menards® offers exceptional advancement opportunities, a positive work environment, as well as great pay and benefits! If you are a hard-working, guest-oriented person, we have opportunities for you! Apply today in person at your local site or online. - Submit Your Resume for a General Application with Menards Corporate Office here, or choose a specific store location below - 1st & 2nd Shift Part-Time Warehouse General Warehouse Team Members are responsible for loading, unloading, sorting, staging and transporting products into and out of the Distribution Center. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Postion Requirements: - Must be 18 years old - Warehouse experience preferred but not required 
2018 College Intern Technical Orlando- Software

       Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO © Northrop Grumman Corporation. All rights reserved.2017
Admin Assistant

We are looking for an admin assistant to provide administrative support to Staff to cover for maternity leave. This position is part time and temporary . Must be independent and self-motivated with excellent writing skills, able to interact and communicate effectively with employees, management, customers, vendors in a professional manner. Responsibilities and Duties Qualifications and Skills This position will be 15 - 20 hours a week and will last 7-12 weeks. Possibility to turn permanent for the right person. Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: $19.00 to $25.00 /hour Required experience: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Through6. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Administrative Assistant (Entry Level)
Jackson Health System
Huge Ape is an adult entertainment focused company that specializes in aggressive online marketing and creative development. We partner and work with some of the biggest and best brands in the adult industry. We not only work in marketing/branding but also corporate development and joint venture projects. We welcome and prefer all candidates to look us up on Social Media (Instagram and Twitter) and also to visit our website to get a feel for our company culture (please note the industry we work in!)    This is an ENTRY LEVEL position with bonuses with room for growth and bonuses/pay increases. We are seeking someone who wants to grow. POSITION IS PART-TIME OR FULL-TIME Reporting to management this position will support general operations including sales/marketing support with daily duties. You will not only support our efforts within the industry but also with partners we work with. This is NOT your typical job - you will be working with a great deal of adult content and seeing how the industry operates in addition you will also be working on campaigns that tap into really wild markets such as VR and Cannabis, if you're looking for a 9-5 boring gig this isn't it. This individual must be able to perform a variety of tasks, any experience with sales support or operations support is highly desired.  Communication is key as you will be communicating with staff in remote areas an as needed basis, some flexibility with local area travel LA/OC/IE is required. You will spend time in both the Tustin field office and our new campus offices in Irvine (see below)   NOTE - Ideally this position is part-time and can lead into a full-time role. Please include salary history for consideration. Please make sure to check us out on Instagram and Twitter to get a feel for the company! :)  Travel Notice:
We travel 5-6 times a year (company paid for) so please be able to travel if you are full-time. Locations include Las Vegas, Miami Beach, Phoenix, as well as local travel to Los Angeles and surrounding areas. COMING SOON in March 2018!
Our new offices near John Wayne Airport (off the 405) in Irvine feature some amazing amenities and a location which we've selected to improve employee wellness and serve as a base for our new and growing local based team. The office features a modern open design including indoor/outdoor workspaces, On-site fitness center with outdoor yoga studio, a basketball, and even an outdoor pool table. If you need a break, take a walking on the trail or blow off some steam in the on-site gym. Please make sure to follow the company on social media to get a feel of our culture and company.  Powered by
Administrative Assistant - Real Estate
Jackson Health System
Real Estate - Administrative Assistant  ABOUT THE POSITION: Residential Capital Management is seeking an exceptional Administrative Assistant to join its Real Estate team. Directly supporting the acquisitions team, this person will be responsible for managing and accomplishing multiple administrative and clerical tasks with minimal direction. The position is located in our Buckhead office. Seeking a candidate who truly wants to grow and contribute to a team's success. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Assist acquisitions with day to day activities
• Document conference calls for expedited updates and Real Estate Director action items
• Expedite support and maintenance to include site and document creation, uploads, scheduling and special report creation
• Prepare meetings and help other offices as needed
• Assist Directors in client package preparation and distribution
• Maintain library of approved deals and associated client approvals
• Serve as real estate communication link between home office and field offices.

REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS: • Collegiate education preferred
• Excellent instincts, common sense, and judgment around confidentiality given sensitive nature of content
• Expertise in Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel a plus
• Excellent writing skills, keen attention to detail, proactive
• Good interpersonal, organizational, communication, and problem solving skills
• Proactive & solutions-oriented; innovative
• Learning agile, able to adapt quickly and appropriately in accordance with the constant evolution of the company and industry
• Responsive to client needs
• Collaborative, energized by the open exchange of ideas
• Strong attention to detail; accurate To succeed in the Residential Capital Management culture, candidates must be self-starters and strive for results. We are  looking for people who operate as a business owner, adhere to the highest standards and think creatively to realize opportunities, wherever they may be. Residential Capital Management is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diversified and inclusive workforce. IND4  This is a non-management position
This is a full time position Subscribe to be notified of new jobs If we don't have an open position that fits you, feel free to subscribe to our Talent Team email! Enter your name, email address and position(s) you're interested in, and whenever we open a new position matching your criteria we'll notify you immediately. Management Non-mgt
AFC Training Project Manager


Analyst, App Submissions

Magic Leap is looking for an Analyst, App Submissions to help establish a world-class platform for mixed reality experiences. This position will play a key role in ensuring quality content is made available to Magic Leap’s customers. Individuals seeking employment at Magic Leap, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Assembler - 3rd Shift

 ompany Description ifm electronic is a global company with over 5,000 employees in 70 countries. Our core business is to develop and produce sensors and controls for industrial automation and process applications. ifm electronic has established a technology and manufacturing facility, ifm prover USA, in Malvern, PA. The company includes a product development and production facility with multiple labs for testing and quality control. More than 50 ifm employees work in the 36,000-square-feet facility, and the company plans to increase to 100 employees over the next five years. This is ifm electronic's second facility to be established in Chester County. The first facility, ifm efector, is located in Exton and is the company’s Corporate Headquarters. "Exceptional success can only be achieved when the employees believe in the company and when they know that they are treated in a fair and honest way."   -ifm philosophy We have a fast paced and collaborative work environment. ifm believes in openness to ideas and a culture where employees are defined by their capabilities and contributions rather than title or tenure. Position Description ifm assemblers work in a strong team environment to build electronic assemblies to exacting standards.  You will use your communication skills and mechanical ability to follow detailed work instructions and visual aids to assemble components by soldering, testing, encapsulating packing, and operating machinery in accordance with ISO9001 quality standards. Working hours for this position are 10:30 PM to 6:30 AM and job duties are performed in a clean work environment. Very competitive wage and benefits package. Requirements ifm prover USA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability or handicap, marital or protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law.
Associate Editor, Motherboard

VICE started in 1994 as a newsprint monthly in Montreal and is now a global youth media company that includes print, events, music, online, television, and feature film divisions that operates in over 30 countries. Motherboard is VICE’s science and technology site. Launched by VICE in 2009, Motherboard finds the people and things that are making our weird and wonderful present and future, with news, commentary, in-depth reporting, photos, and original video documentaries. Whether it's politics, art, sex, drugs, war, design, nature, space, history, and sci-fi, Motherboard skips the useless tech hype to make room for the things that are actually reshaping our world.  OVERVIEW MOTHERBOARD is looking for a motivated and highly talented writer and editor with a strong writing voice. Ideal candidates will have 1-4 years experience on a website’s editorial staff and will be very familiar with Motherboard and its tone. This person will edit staff writers and freelancers and should be eager to do a lot of writing. The ideal candidate has an understanding of what makes a Motherboard story, and also will bring a fresh, diverse perspective to help us in our mission of explaining the futures around us. A general knowledge of the wide range of topics Motherboard covers is a must, but the ideal candidate will also have specialization and sourcing in a core Motherboard topic. Candidate must also be excited about telling stories in multimedia formats and should be able to report and assign stories that could also work as podcasts, videos, and photo essays. Candidates should be willing to delve deep into the communities that Motherboard covers and should be able to help writers hone angles on their beats. Most importantly, we're looking for an energetic, hardworking journalist who is committed to doing the forward-thinking reporting Motherboard is known for without being self-important about it.  ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  QUALIFICATIONS COMPENSATION VICE offers a comprehensive benefits and compensation package that is commensurate with experience and abilities. VICE editorial staff is represented by the Writer’s Guild of America East, a labor union representing writers in motion pictures, television, cable, digital media and broadcast news. Application consent for VICE U.S. By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below: VICE U.S. collects your personal data for the purposes of managing VICE U.S.’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, VICE U.S. may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment. VICE U.S. does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, VICE U.S. has international sites and VICE U.S. uses resources located throughout the world. VICE U.S. may from time to time also use third parties to act on VICE U.S.’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within VICE U.S. group of companies as well as to third parties acting on VICE U.S.’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided VICE U.S. with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.
Bookseller - Part-Time
Mutual of Omaha
Apply now  Apply now Send to yourself or a friend Barnes & Noble is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals, as well as other protected groups. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  Contact (800) 799-5335. Terms of Use, Copyright, and Privacy Policy  © 1997-2017 Barnes & Noble Booksellers, Inc. 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011
Business Analyst-IT

    
Capital Markets Analyst

At OnDeck, we improve the world’s economic landscape by changing the way small businesses access capital. We do it in an environment where we celebrate collaboration, but aren’t afraid of healthy competition; where we’re serious about our work but don’t take ourselves too seriously; and where we are small enough to be nimble but strong enough to make a big impact. This is the perfect role for someone looking to apply a strong analytic mindset and skillset to solve problems in the Capital Markets and Finance space. Submit an application if you are interested in joining a small, strong, and influential team at OnDeck that works with many internal and external stakeholders to secure and improve financing for our business.  As a Capital Markets Analyst at OnDeck, you will:  Necessary qualifications for success:  Nice-to-haves (not required):  About OnDeck:  We’re all about teamwork, passion and making an impact. Oh and having fun – Whether it’s community service events, book club meetings, team get-togethers or weekly social hours in the office.  OnDeck is the leader in online small business lending. Since 2007, the company has powered Main Street’s growth through advanced lending technology and a constant dedication to customer service. To date, the company has deployed over $5 billion to more than 50,000 customers in 700 different industries across the United States, Canada and Australia.   In addition to our great benefits: https://www.ondeck.com/company/careers/  We also offer… 401K Match. Tuition Reimbursement. Paid Parental Leave.  Company Outings. Hackathons. Company Sponsored Sports Teams/Clubs. Discounted Gym Membership. Office Learning & Development Training.  We are going to ask you to talk about your accomplishments. Here are some of ours:   As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, OnDeck provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, OnDeck complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.  OnDeck expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of OnDeck’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.  **No external recruiters or agents, please.**
Crew
Jackson Health System
    
Customer Experience Specialist (Full-Time)

All jobs → Customer Experience Specialist (Full-Time) New York, United States · Customer Experience Company Summary: Helix is an innovative direct-to-consumer sleep brand aiming to change the way people sleep by bringing customization to the sleep category through individually personalized, custom-made mattresses for you, based on how you sleep. Each mattress is designed to your body type, sleeping position, and mattress preferences using our proprietary sleep technology. We embrace individuality and look to celebrate the power of personal differences, rejecting the notion that one mattress (like anything else in life) can possibly be best for everyone, or even most. Sleep is not one-size fits all. Our sleep products use the highest quality materials and are 100% US made. We offer free shipping directly to your doorstep, a 100-night sleep trial, and we are priced at 1/3 of traditional retail. Our top-rated customer experience team treats you like a person, not a commission. Since launching in August of 2015, the company has sold tens of thousands of mattresses and has over 40 million hours slept on our beds. Helix is Series A funded and headquartered in New York City. Learn more at www.helixsleep.com.  Role and Responsibilities: Additional Job Details Hours and days TBD. Shifts will be determined by availability and needs at the time. **Must be available to work evening and weekend hours.** This is a full-time role based in New York, NY. Background and Experience: Perks! Compensation and Benefits:
Customer Service Representative

Job Summary The incumbent is responsible for the efficient expedition of all customer transactions and responding to customer needs. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Handle customer purchases, exchanges, store credits, and returns in an efficient and accurate manner 2. Follow established return procedures including printing correct tickets for returned merchandise and identifying merchandise that is damaged 3. Follow established guidelines for discount procedures 4. Ensure the completion of all POS transactions and the proper control of cash and negotiable documents (checks and credit cards) in accordance with company polices and procedures 5. Assist with the preparation of daily deposits 6. Comply with all established opening and closing procedures 7. Respond to customer inquiries and needs 8. Incorporate suggestive selling techniques when assisting customers 9. Assist with alteration pick ups and effectively handle customer RFAs (Return for Alteration) 10. Involve the manager on duty in all customer and security concerns 11. Assist with replenishing merchandise, store layout, recovery, and monitoring floor stock 12. Ensure no mismatched merchandise is purchased or returned to sales floor 13. Assist with the monitoring and maintenance of fitting room area, including returning merchandise to sales floor as needed 14. Maintain an awareness of all product knowledge information, ringing instructions, merchandise promotions, and advertisements 15. Assist with general housekeeping of the store 16. Attend store meetings 17. Assist with physical inventory counts 18. Attend required training classes as needed 19. Verbally report to store management on a daily basis the status of workflow and assigned tasks and notify store management or regional manager of issues of concern 20. Notify the Loss Prevention department or management of any suspected or observed dishonest activity 21. Comply with workplace safety procedures 22. Maintain Company’s customer service standards 23. Adhere to all Company policies and procedures 24. Any other duties as assigned by management BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTS: EXPERIENCE: Entry level position KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: Good communication and customer service skills. Good organizational skills. Basic computer skills and knowledge of store machines. ESSENTIAL PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: 1. Ability to move and handle merchandise generally weighing 0-50 pounds 2. May be required to walk, stand, kneel, stoop, and lift during the majority of work shift 3. Ability to climb ladders 4. Required to use hands and fingers; handle or feel objects, or tools; and reach with hands and arms 5. Specific vision abilities may be required for this job and include close, distance, color, and peripheral vision, as well as, depth perception 6. Ability to communicate clearly with associates and customers ESSENTIAL MENTAL REQUIREMENTS: 1. Ability to read, count, and write to accurately complete all documentation 2. Ability to perform simple addition or subtraction or be able to perform these functions with the help of a calculator 3. Ability to learn, apply, and retain information *Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. DISCLAIMER : This job summary indicates the general nature and level of work expected of the incumbent. It is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities required of the incumbent. Incumbent may be asked to perform other duties as required. Job Type: Part-time Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to K&G Fashion Superstore. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Engineering Intern

Responsibilities: Prepare mechanical and engineering construction plans, manage projects, visit job sites and meet with governmental agencies. Education: Min. Associate Degree with 3.0 GPA. Skills: AutoCAD, Microsoft Office, good verbal & written communication skills. Previous related experience helpful but not required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $15.00 to $25.00 /hour Required education: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Circa Domini International, Inc.. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Entry Level Service Advisor

Service Advisor – Automotive We need a Service Advisor who is an expert in the art and science of customer service. Must be able to greet guests, schedule appointments and act as a liaison between customers and service techs. If you can make customers feel welcome and confident that their needs are being met, then our dealership may be your next career home. Put your people skills to work for us and find out more now. Job Responsibilities Requirements  Benefits About The Gerald family has been selling automobiles in the Chicago area since the mid-1930's and has been proud to be a part of the communities they serve for decades! We have succeeded in our endeavors because of a profound respect for our customer.  The name Gerald stands for honesty and the highest standard of excellence. The Gerald management team and employees are some of the most outstanding in the business. As our auto group continues to grow, it will be the result of all of our combined efforts, and our dedication and loyalty to the thousands of customers who favor us with their trust and patronage. Over many years, Gerald has meant Service.
Environmental Services Associate - Independent Living

Gifford Retirement Community is seeking an Environmental Services Associate to join our Independent Living program in Randolph Center, Vermont.  This is a unique opportunity to work in a spectacular setting at a rural, financially stable, non-profit hospital with a progressive philosophy, supportive administrative team and advanced technology. The Environmental Services Associate is a housekeeping position with the responsibility to clean all areas of the facility as assigned, including but not limited to residents rooms and office areas.  Applicant will also be responsible for general floor care, linen and trash relief, and other duties as assigned. The successful applicant will have the ability to follow both written and verbal instructions, and the ability to perform simple math skills of addition, subtraction and multiplication.  Ability to work in a stressful environment while maintaining composure and professionalism required.  Must also be able to work easily in a team setting across divisions and departments.  Prior experience in housekeeping preferred, but we will train the right motivated person. This position will generally work the following rotations during a month time frame from 10:00pm- 6:30am. Week #1- Off, Week #2- Saturday Only, Week #3- Off, Week #4- Friday and Saturday. EOE
Executive Assistant

Executive Assistant Company Overview  Vista Equity Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on investing in software and technology-enabled businesses.  With more than $30 billion in cumulative capital commitments, Vista Equity Partners currently invests in software, data, and technology companies led by world-class management teams with a long-term perspective. We are a value-added investor, contributing professional expertise and multi-level support to help companies realize their full potential. Our investment approach is anchored by a sizable long-term capital base, experience in structuring technology-oriented transactions, and proven management techniques that yield both flexibility and opportunity.  Position Summary The Executive Assistant will be responsible for providing high-level, administrative support to several busy senior level executives within the company: Including, but not limited to, managing their schedule, meetings and travel. This position requires that you are highly organized, can juggle many tasks at once, are not easily overwhelmed, and are comfortable interfacing with all levels of internal management and staff as well as outside clients, vendors and candidates in a fast paced environment. The Executive Assistant maintains and protects highly confidential corporate information, is the first point of contact in person and on calls for executives from internal departments and external clients, and works independently with minimal supervision or direction.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities   
Floating Assistant Teacher

If you are the site owner (or you manage this site), please whitelist your IP or if you think this block is an error please open a support ticket and make sure to include the block details (displayed in the box below), so we can assist you in troubleshooting the issue.
Front Counter Help

Job Summary Sales, customer service position. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Zoe's Bakery. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Front Desk Representative


Full time Nanny- Build your own hours!

Forgot your password? Position Type: Nanny
Office: Orange County | Mission Viejo
Location of Position: Orange County Full-time, Flexible Schedule Nanny OR Full-time On-Call Nanny Do you have a “can do” attitude? Do you believe results matter? Are you committed to leaving it better? We are looking for several rock-star nannies to join our elite team of childcare professionals in the area. If you love to engage with kids, we have a great job for you! Why College Nannies? We offer: Responsibilities and Requirements: Benefits: Apply today! Apply For This Position Back To Team Page College Nannies + Sitters + Tutors is the nation’s most respected, complete and professional resource helping busy families raise smart, confident, well-adjusted kids. Since 2001 we’ve built local professional teams across the country who’ve helped hundreds of busy parents carve out time for themselves with a sitter, have help on hand with a part-time or full-time nanny, or get their college bound student the tutoring they need to succeed. If you’re interested in becoming a College Sitter, College Nanny or College Tutor, click here. © 2018 College Nannies+Sitters+Tutors Development, Inc. / All Rights Reserved / Each College Nannies+Sitters+Tutors location is independently owned and operated.
Lab Support Technician - Pathology

Lab Support Technician - Pathology - Greenville, NC If you are interested in multiple opportunities, you will need to apply for each position separately. 928394 Vidant Medical Center Full Time Regular About Vidant Medical Center Vidant Medical Center is a 900+ bed Level-1 Trauma Center, regional referral hospital and is the flagship hospital for Vidant Health. We serve as the teaching hospital for the Brody School of Medicine at East Carolina University. Vidant Medical Center provides acute, intermediate, rehabilitation and outpatient services to more than 1.4 million people in 29 counties. But it's in our work environment that you'll find our sense of family and closeness that permeates everything we do.  Phlebotomy certification (ASCP, ASPT, NCA, etc.) is preferred. Hours will be 3:00 pm-11:30 pm and will work every 3rd weekend. It is the goal of Vidant Health and its entities to employ the most qualified individual who best matches the requirements for the vacant position. Offers of employment are subject to successful completion of all pre-employment screenings, which may include an occupational health screening, criminal record check, education, reference, and licensure verification. We value diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.   Decisions of employment are made based on business needs, job requirements and applicant’s qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, genetic information and testing, family and medical leave, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or any other status protected by law. We prohibit retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint. Copyright © 2018 Vidant Health. All rights reserved. An equal opportunity employer Job Postings Manager - RN - School Health Services - Greenville, NC Responsible for coordination of School Health Services in Pitt County. Repsonsible for supervision of school health staff. Responsible for providing training and program development opportunities for regional affiliates/hospitals and... Respiratory Care Practitioner - Adult Services - Greenville, NC 
Logistics Team Member - Salt Lake City

The Logistics Team Member (LTM) is primarily responsible for local infrastructure placement & event logistics execution. The LTM is responsible for management of all Red Bull branded & non-branded infrastructure: specializing in warehouse management of infrastructure & materials on & off site. In addition, the LTM supports the Consumer Collecting Specialist (CCS), Brand Marketing Manager (BMM), & On Premise Specialists (Musketeers) in the execution of specific Red Bull branded & non branded event projects, specifically placing, organizing, & cleaning all materials per event. The LTM is a key part of all local market executions and maintains the utmost professionalism in every instance they are representing the Red Bull brand. In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we're different. You keep things moving  LTM manages placement & organization of all infrastructure materials in Red Bull warehouse space. Warehouse materials can be easily located by non-LTM staff members (CCS, BMM, Musketeer, etc) Warehouse is always swept, organized, cleaned to maintain premium standard Infrastructure materials in warehouse space are always maintained; clean, organized, repaired. All repairs needed are upleveled to the Regional Event Logistics Coordinator (RELC) and scheduled & coordinated by LTM & RELC.  LTM is responsible for all infrastructure & cooler delivery and placement. Loading & transport completed by LTM. LTM works with contact (provided by CCS, BMM, Musketeer, etc) to place & set up any & all materials LTM maintains premium & professional standard through all deliveries, LTM maintains standard of punctuality & professionalism for every task Prior work experience in event logistics or manual labor Must be customer service oriented Must demonstrate excellent communication skills Position is physically intensive and requires frequent bending and lifting and the ability to lift 50lbs Must be well organized and be able to execute deliverables on time Flexible schedule needed within fast-paced working environment Ability to obtain a DOT Medical Card preferred. A valid driver’s license that is not expired, suspended, revoked and a clean motor vehicle record (does not indicate a conviction for DUI/DWI or comparable offense, manslaughter with a motor vehicle or leaving the scene of an accident, and no more than two accidents or moving violations in the last 36 months) is preferred. Experience driving box trucks/trailers/forklift a plus High School Diploma or equivalent Fluent in English In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style – what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.
Market Risk Management - Volcker Office


Material Handler II

Manufacturing - Materials, Production, Production Support Fremont, California EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
At least of one year experience.  Able to print and read stock room documentation, and follow instruction. Pull materials and kitting per work orders. Close work order.  High School Diploma

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES
Performs pull materials from stock locations. Kitting per work orders. Delivery materials to manufacturing. Close work orders. Willing to work overtime or second shift. Any additional responsibilities assigned.

EXPERIENCE PREFERRED
Familiar with SAP database Environmental, Health & Safety Requirements:  
Medical Receptionist
Jackson Health System
Receptionists Type: Full-Time
Schedule: Monday-Friday / 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. OB/GYN Division Float Pool
Hospital District/Richland Hills/SW Ft. Worth, Willow Park/N. Beach, Fort Worth, TX 76104 Contact: Robin Moore
Fax: 817-740-8572 DUTIES: Private healthcare company currently has an opening for a Medical Receptionist in our OB/GYN Float Pool.  This is a full-time, 40 hour per week position but may require traveling to the Ft. Worth Hospital District, N. Beach, Richland Hills, Southwest Ft. Worth and Willow Park.  This position will be responsible for checking patients in and out, verifying insurance, collecting co-pays/surgical deposits, answering phones, tasking messages, scheduling appointments and balancing out end of day. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at minimum 2 years recent medical receptionist experience preferably in OB/GYN or primary care practices, insurance knowledge, and ICD-10/CPT coding knowledge with NextGen EPM/EHR experience strongly preferred.        Your relevant experience MUST be included.
Night Stocker

 Job Title: Night Stocker FLSA: Non-Exempt Department: Grocery Revision Date: 03/2011 General Function
: Unloads product, opens containers, stocks shelves, and rotates product where necessary. Reporting Relations: Accountable and Reports to: Store Director; Night Stock Manager Direct Reports: None Primary Duties and Responsibilities
: 1. Provides prompt, efficient and friendly customer service by exhibiting caring, concern and patience in all customer interactions and treating customers as the most important people in the store. 2. Smiles and greets customers in a friendly manner, whether the encounter takes place in the employee's designated department or elsewhere in the store. 3. Makes an effort to learn customer's names and to address them by name whenever possible. 4. Assists customers by: (examples include) · Escorting them to the products they are looking for · Securing products that are out of reach · Loading or unloading heavy items · Making note of passing along customer suggestions or requests · Performing other tasks in every way possible to enhance the shopping experience 5. Answers the telephone promptly when called upon and provides friendly helpful service to customers who call. 6. Works with co-workers as a team to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant work environment. 7. Unloads trucks, opens containers, stocks shelves, runs overstock on risers and rotates product. 8. Monitors for miss-picked items, reviews product outs, wrong deliveries, etc. 9. Organizes stock for greatest efficiency, cleans and restocks damaged items. 10. Tags the shelves with overstock in the back room and understock drawers. 11. Reports all new or different items for the scanning coordinator for input into the system. 12. Maintains strict adherence to department and company guidelines related to personal hygiene and dress. 13. Adheres to company policies and individual store guidelines. 14. Reports to work when scheduled, on time, and works the scheduled number of hours. Secondary Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Assists in other areas of store as needed. 2. Performs other job related duties and special projects as required. Education and Experience: High school or equivalent experience. Six months or less of similar or related work experience. Physical Requirements: · Must be able to physically perform very heavy work, exerting in excess of 100 pounds of force occasionally, in excess of 50 pounds of force frequently, and in excess of 20 pounds of force constantly to move objects. · Visual requirements include vision from less than 20 inches to more than 20 feet with or without correction, depth perception, color vision, and field of vision. · Must be able to perform the following physical activities: Climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, reaching, standing, walking, pulling, lifting, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing, and repetitive motions. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Worker Characteristics: · Must have the ability to solve practical problems; variety of variables with limited standardization; interpret instructions. · Must be able to solve arithmetic calculations involving fractions, decimals, and percentages. · Must have the ability to understand and follow verbal or demonstrated instructions; write identifying information; request supplies orally or in writing. Working Conditions
: This position is exposed to dirt, noise, equipment movement hazard, and chemicals/solvents daily. This position is also occasionally exposed to temperature extremes and the potential for electrical shock. Equipment Used to Perform Job: Power jack, compactor, order machine, check register, fork lift, scales, and Tomra machines. Financial Responsibility
: Responsible for supplies, stock, and for checking the cooler. Contacts: Has daily contact with community or trade/professional organizations, suppliers/vendors, and customers. Hy-Vee, Inc. is an employee-owned corporation operating 240 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $9.3 billion annually. Hy-Vee ranks among the top 25 supermarket chains and the top 50 private companies in the United States. Supermarket News, the authoritative voice of the food industry, has honored the company with a Whole Health Enterprise Award for its leadership in providing services and programs that promote a healthy lifestyle. © 2009-2018 Recruitics, Inc. All rights reserved Post your Job Here
Office Associate - State Farm Agent Team Member

Are you outgoing and customer-focused? Do you enjoy working with the public? If you answered yes to these questions, working for a State Farm independent contractor agent may be the career for you! State Farm agents market only State Farm insurance and financial service products.   Compensation: $50000  If you are motivated to succeed and can see yourself in this role, please complete our application. We will follow up with you on the next steps in the interview process. This position is with a State Farm independent contractor agent, not with State Farm Insurance Companies. Employees of State Farm agents must be able to successfully complete any applicable licensing requirements and training programs. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents’ employees are not employees of State Farm. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents' employees are not employees of the State Farm Insurance Companies. We are a very busy office and are looking for our next great team member. We are an established, growth-oriented agency with a team of highly motivated individuals. Our team works hard to reach our goals together as a team and have fun while we are doing it! If you want to work in an environment that is fun, challenging, and rewarding, then Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent may be the right fit for you! If you're willing to work hard and you expect to get results from yourself and those around you, we want to meet you and talk about the opportunity we have for you. Come work with an energetic, fun team at Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent!  (if you already have a resume on Indeed) * required fields | support@careerplug.com | Privacy Policy
Office Staff Assistant

Job Description: Seeking qualified individual with office administrative, accounting, and secretarial experience with a background in AR/ AP and customer service. The position is for part-time or full-time position depending on diversity, flexibility, and willingness to learn and implement new systems. We are a growing pool business looking for front office staff. This is a "whatever it takes" job so we need a real team player. A well established and rapidly growing pool business is hiring office staff: Duties include but are not limited to: Answering phones, Customer Service Filing, reconciling, inventory management, strategizing Scheduling appointments and service calls Complaint resolution, Processing bills, documenting payments, processing client invoices, as well as all other aspects of bookkeeping and recordkeeping, Organizing, company streamlining, event coordination and other day to day admin tasks. Individual qualifications: Must be punctual, dependable, articulate, detail oriented, able to multi-task and keep a clear head under pressure. Experience with all Microsoft Office Applications, Web Based and/or similar accounting software is required. Must be personable, a conflict resolver, and able to keep composure in a fast-paced office environment. Conditions Of employment: “Can Do” attitude and focus on objectives Reliable personal transportation and cellular phone required. Must be a problem solver and results oriented. Able to overcome obstacles. Must be customer service oriented with excellent communication skills. Drug-free workplace. Testing REQUIRED as a condition of employment. Non-compete agreement and Confidentiality agreement REQUIRED. Consent to background check REQUIRED. Competitive pay Health and Life Insurance Available Paid Holidays after Probationary Period. Attention: If you meet all above criteria please respond by emailing resume and proof of valid driver's license. You may also call Monday - Friday 8-6 at 727-213-7097 Location: Sarasota, FL Compensation: Experience-Based Hourly/ Potential for Salary, benefits, and additional perks. This is a part-time or Full-Time job based on qualifications meet. Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $11.00 to $15.00 /hour Job Location: Required experience: Required language: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Aaron's Elite Pool Service. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Park Ranger II
Jackson Health System
This position primarily exists to preserve and protect natural areas and habitat, enforce park rules and regulations, educate on public safety through contact and programming, supports and monitors emergency situations, and physically patrols/maintains trails, trailheads, restrooms, and facilities of the mountain parks, preserves, and urban parks.  Communicates using a handheld device with department staff and first responders during emergency situations.  Patrols city property in a marked city vehicle, completes daily patrol logs, incident reports, and may perform general first aid and CPR (general training provided).  Park Rangers must enjoy working with the public and enjoy the outdoors. Incumbent will enforce park rules, regulations, and ordinances as required while educating the public in the mountain parks, preserves, and urban parks. This position issues notices of violation and criminal citations in accordance to City Code and will interact safely and communicate effectively with a variety of park users during enforcement situations and complete timely reports with accurate documentation. Currently, there are full-time and part-time vacancies location throughout the Phoenix area in the Parks and Recreation Department. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment is scheduled to close January 29, 2018.  All materials must be received by 11:59 p.m. on this date. SALARY $16.75 - $24.91 hourly / $34,840 - $51,813 annually. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO.  For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/007.pdf JOB REQUIREMENTS PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS – The job requirements listed above, plus: HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW Park Ranger, JC #40130, ID #25697, 01/15/18 6m, CP, Benefits: 7, Q City of Phoenix employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply. 
Part Time Receptionist (Payables/Receivables)


Patient Eligibility and Enrollment Specialist

Community Health Center of Snohomish County is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.

Start Over with Job Search
Already have a profile?  Login Now Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
• Reads, speaks, understands and writes proficiently in English.
• Independent and self-directed.
• Works effectively in a team environment.
• Problem-solves with creativity and ingenuity.
• Organizes, prioritizes, and coordinates multiple activities and tasks.
• Works with initiative, energy and effectiveness in a fast-paced environment.
• Produces work in high quantity and quality.
• Remains calm and effective in high pressure and emergency situations.
• Use of multi-line telephones and other office machines.
• Knowledge of medical or dental terminology.
• Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office applications; Word, Excel and Outlook.
• Possess ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Preferred:
• Bilingual skills.
• Knowledge of the health and human services infrastructure, health insurance programs and public coverage options. Education
• High school graduate or equivalent. Preferred:
• Associates degree in healthcare related field, or in lieu of degree, a combination of equivalent education and work experience. Experience
• Customer service related experience working with the general public (1 year).
• Working with insurance/billing in a health care setting/insurance organization. Preferred:
• Health care information systems, such as electronic health record and practice management systems experience.
• Working with low income, multi-ethnic populations.
• Working with private and/or government third party reimbursement.
• ICD-10 coding experience.
• CPT-4 coding experience.
• CDT-5 coding experience. Job Specific Functions/Performance Expectations:
1. Be the subject matter expert for staff on all aspects of the insurance programs and the sliding fee discount program.
2. Verify insurance coverage for future scheduled appointments using practice management system appointment reports.
3. Provide enrollment assistance for uninsured patients to access subsidized, low-cost and free health insurance programs through the health insurance marketplace (Washington Healthplan Finder) and Washington Apple Health.
4. Assist patients in completing and processing applications and qualifying for sliding fee discount program.
5. Assist patients in completing coverage applications, gathering required documentation and solving issues that may arise during the enrollment process.
6. Follow up on outstanding sliding fee applications and enters tracking data into sliding fee database.
7. Provide structured patient education on health coverage, engage in follow up conversations and offer renewal assistance for enrolled individuals.
8. Coordinate with Community Health Workers to enable qualified clients to enroll in Medicaid services or other appropriate public health programs and services.
9. Maintain Breast and Cervical Health Database, works with Provider to ensure all necessary paperwork is completed and verifies patient eligibility.
10. Research patient questions regarding accounts/statements and initiates appropriate adjustments with the assistance from the Billing Department
11. Assist and educate patients as new insurance options come available, identifying the affordable coverage that best meets their needs.
12. Assists in the distribution of outreach materials to patients, community members, partner organizations and businesses to build insurance coverage option awareness.
13. Attend and successfully complete all required training programs; participate in ongoing conference calls, webinars and other professional development opportunities.
14. Adhere to attendance standards in order to perform the job functions for daily operations and/or continuity of patient care. Community Health Center of Snohomish County is a Federally Qualified Health Center, a Health Center Program grantee under 42 U.S.C. 254b, and a deemed Public Health Service employee under 42 U.S.C. 233(g)-(n). © Copyright 2006-2014 Community Health Center of Snohomish County. All rights reserved.
Plumbing Apprentice


Private Placement Investments Internship Program
Jackson Health System
We get it. Things can get confusing when it comes to Medicare. We can help you sort it out. Get Started If you're looking to grow in your career, Mutual of Omaha can provide that opportunity. Wild Guide Stephanie Arne hosts an all-new Wild Kingdom web series. Careers Wherever you are in your career path, we look forward to meeting you. Apply now Job no: 493624
Work type: Part Time Temporary
Location: Nebraska
Categories: Banking, Finance/Accounting, Internships Essential Job Functions: NOTICE: Minimum Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at 1-800-780-0304. We are available Monday through Friday 7 am to 4 pm CST. For all other inquiries, contact our HR Helpline at 1-800-365-1405, option 4. Mutual of Omaha and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran To All Recruitment Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Advertised: Sep 15, 2017 09:00 AM Central Daylight Time
Applications close: Feb 5, 2018 11:55 PM Central Standard Time Back to search results Refer a friendApply now We will email you new jobs that match this search. Ok, we will send you jobs like this. The email address was invalid, please check for errors. You must agree to the privacy statement   Powered by PageUp If you would like to recieve notifications of new job openings please subscribe here: Log in to your existing account to view or modify your employment profile © 2017 Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company. All rights reserved. 
Project Manager

Don’t see a job specific to your skillset? If you are a smart, creative, strategic person…and want to shoot us a resume with a cover letter, bring it on. Let us know if you’re available for independent contractor work or are only seeking full-time work, and thanks! Email us with a cover letter and your résumé at jobs@redbirdgroup.com. Also, please reference your name and your ideal job at Redbird (copywriter, producer, etc.) in your subject line.
PT/FT Bus Operators


Receptionist/ Tour Guide
Jackson Health System

Reservations Agent


SA Prevention Specialist


Social Strategist/Community Manager

Updated: Today
Location: New York, NY, United States
Job ID: dp7kEGpzzI0T  Interested in Syneos Health? Get In Touch Syneos Health is the only fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization. Our company, including a Contract Research Organization (CRO) and Contract Commercial Organization (CCO), is purpose-built to address new market realities where clinical and commercial share expertise, data and insights to accelerate biopharmaceutical performance. 3201 Beechleaf Court
Suite 600
Raleigh, NC 27604-1547 Phone: 919 876 9300
Fax: 919 876 9360
Toll-Free: 866 462 7373 © 2017 Syneos Health. All Rights Reserved.
Support Associate


Technician Trainee FT


Teller

    
Transit - Outreach Independent Living Specialist
Jackson Health System
Full time employees receive a generous benefits package PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: Jointly funded by the Department of Homeless Services and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, BRC's Transit Homeless Outreach staff members operate throughout the transit system 24 hours a day.  Through this program, which BRC has operated since 2005 and significantly expanded in 2014, BRC provides outreach and case management services to humanely assist homeless individuals to permanently relocate from MTA properties.  The program serves the New York City metropolitan area, including the boroughs of Manhattan, The Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens.  Clients of Transit Homeless Outreach are engaged and assessed with the goal of connecting them with housing and essential services.  HOURS: Full-time, 37.5 hours per week Tuesday - Saturday; 11:00am-7:30pm  DUTIES:

Provide comprehensive case management services to identified chronic homeless individuals. Responsible for all aspects of assigned case load, including meeting with clients on a regular basis both in the field and in the office, and ensure that all clinical files and reports are complete and up to date. Intensively work with clients as they move through the program continuum by conducting comprehensive assessments to identify barriers to housing, assisting clients to overcome housing barriers and secure entitlements . Also develop and working with clients to progress on individualized housing plans, building a network of support services for clients., Prepare clients for housing interviews and arrange housing appointments, and participating in case conferences as necessary. Liaison with clinical staff in other BRC or outside programs with regard to common clients. Provide emergency first aid/CPR or overdose prevention protocol assistance when needed. Related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree required. BA in related field preferred. Strong interest in providing direct services to homeless and/or mentally ill and substance abusing population. Significant experience working with the homeless and formerly incarcerated.  Also experience in referring clients to substance abuse programs, mental health programs, entitlements and work readiness programs. Must be able to assess and recognize signs and symptoms of mental illness and substance abuse.  Good writing and oral communication skills. Computer literacy required.  Ability to work in a high stress/volume environment, while maintaining communication with the other members of the clincial team.  Bilingual  preferred including, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Chinese, Korean or other language. Must have valid state driver's license  CPR training certification or willingness to take training class in CPR.  ABOUT BRC: BRC is among the most comprehensive, effective, and fastest growing agencies in NYC serving homeless New Yorkers.  With a $77 million budget and over 800 employees, BRC has 27 programs throughout the New York City area that work together to form a seamless continuum of caring and effective services to meet all of a client's needs. We employ a holistic approach, helping clients achieve health, wellness, and economic self-sufficiency, offering an array of housing and services for more than 10,000 of New York's neediest residents.  BRC has an entrepreneurial culture with a track record of innovation.  BRC is highly successful and has been recognized for it, most recently as a winner of the NY Community Trust's Nonprofit Excellence Award and as a national finalist for the Drucker Prize for innovative management.  Staff at BRC works together collaboratively to address some of the greatest social challenges of our City and does so using a compassionate and respectful approach.  In our most recent survey, 95% of our employees said they would recommend BRC as a good place to work.   For more information about BRC, please see our website at  www.brc.org. You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
Transport Aide
Jackson Health System
Settings Location: Jackson North Medical Center / Transportation Svc Pat Status: Part time and Per Diem available Shift: Variable  3 positions available  Transport Aide moves patient(s) from and within the Emergency Care Center to patient care areas, including Urgent Care Center, Radiology and inpatient units by transport vehicle in a safe and efficient manner, using proper body mechanics according to the age specific needs of the patients. Provides other services that support the delivery of care to the patients. Create and manage profiles for future opportunities. Track your opportunities.  Miami, Jackson North Medical Center, Jackson North 📁 Nursing Support Post Date: Jun 14, 2017  Miami, Jackson North Medical Center, Jackson North 📁 Nursing Support Post Date: Apr 28, 2017  Miami, Jackson North Medical Center, Jackson North 📁 Nursing Support Post Date: Apr 27, 2017
Vans PT Sales Associate (Capitola #169, Capitola, CA)


Part Time Toddler/Preschool Floater 9:00AM-1:00PM Monday-Fri...


Purchasing Manager

All jobs → Purchasing Manager Auburn Hills, Michigan, United States Purchasing Manager  SUMMARY Directs and coordinates activities of personnel engaged in purchasing and distributing raw materials, equipment, machinery, and supplies in organization by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate supervisors. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Prepares instructions regarding purchasing systems and procedures. Prepares and issues purchase orders and change notices. Analyzes market and delivery conditions to determine present and future material availability. Reviews purchase order claims and contracts for conformance to company policy. Develops and installs clerical and office procedures and practices, studies work flow, and sequence of operations. Arranges for disposal of surplus materials. The responsibilities of a purchasing agent are also included. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Directly supervises employees in the purchasing department. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.
HR Consultant Organizational Development


Recruiting Coordinator

Recruiting Coordinator
Dayton, OH Position Description:
As a Recruiting Coordinator, you will screen and process resumes in order to identify qualified applicants for our open positions. You will maintain contact with applicants including providing position details and general information about Reynolds as well as setting up qualified applicants with testing information. You will also search for potential applicants on major boards to help build a pool of candidates. Teaming with the Recruiters, you will identify creative avenues to increase candidate flow. In this role, you will also represent the company periodically at career fairs and other events in order to increase awareness of our exciting career opportunities. Additionally, you will be cross-trained on other areas within the Recruiting department.
Enterprise Partner (Account Executive)

We are looking for a master relationship builder and sales sniper to own our Enterprise product for General and Corporate Counsel, and CFOs. You must be passionate about changing the legal industry while having the skills to close substantial deals. You'll work directly with the CEO and CTO to continue to build out the Enterprise product line while building a large book of business in key markets. We need a self-sufficient entrepreneur at heart with a talent for selling the vision. Is that you? If so, at UpCounsel, you will: - Close 3-4 deals each month representing $50k+ annually
- Develop and manage your own pipeline of high profile corporate counsel prospects
- Work with our inbound marketing team to refine our message and customer profiles
- Achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals
- Be a strong team player and act as an owner of the business As an ideal candidate: - Have a strong network in the legal industry
- You will have 3-4 years of account executive experience
- You will understand using Salesforce, ToutApp and other modern sales tools
- You will be extremely confident and outgoing
- You will be obsessed with winning and closing deals.
- You will love experimenting and finding better/faster ways to do things.
- You will be able to track everything you do. Health + Vision + Dental Insurance Full medical, dental and vision to keep you healthy Competitive salary + equity Competitive salary & generous stock option package 401(k) We encourage our team to be thinking about their future Open vacation policy We don’t track PTO - take the time that you need Enjoy delicious meals Enjoy lunch at the office Flexible work hours Flex your schedule to start and end work when is best for you Commuter reimbursements Get reimbursed for your public transportation costs each month Customize your workstation Build your workstation and desk to make it comfortable Team Retreats Quarterly off-site team retreats full of fun surprises and team inspiration Games When it comes to games, we know how to have fun! Foosball, Xbox, fantasy football, and more! Great coffee 24/7 We're serious about getting quality coffee from throughout the world Navigation About Contact
Production Operator - Night Shift

Operations New Albany, Indiana  Job Title:  Production Operator Objective:

Samtec is seeking a full-time person with strong mechanical skills that can thrive in a hardworking, motivated, team oriented group.  This person is needed in our Vertically Integrated Plating Department on a 12 hour night shift, 3 days per week schedule.  Flexibility is a must as this person could be asked to work in other areas of the production operation should the business need arise at a later date. Performance Responsibilities: Measures of Success: Required Experience: Preferred Education:   Powered by Jobvite Join Our Talent Network Get notified about new jobs that match you, and let Samtec, Inc know you're interested!
Laborer (Public Trust)

If you are looking for career opportunities with NANA, please click here.           AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.job-assist@akima.com The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website. Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.
Cashier and Waiter/Waitress

Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any problems. Communicate with customers to resolve complaints or ensure satisfaction. Collect payments from customers. Process customer bills or payments. Write patrons' food orders on order slips, memorize orders, or enter orders into computers for transmittal to kitchen staff. Communicate dining or order details to kitchen personnel. Take customer orders. Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes. Process customer bills or payments. Take orders from patrons for food or beverages. Take customer orders. Check patrons' identification to ensure that they meet minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages. Enforce rules or regulations. Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve specialty dishes at tables as required.Serve food or beverages.Cook foods. Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making recommendations upon request.Present food or beverage information or menus to customers. Clean tables or counters after patrons have finished dining.Clean food service areas. Prepare hot, cold, and mixed drinks for patrons, and chill bottles of wine.Prepare hot or cold beverages. Roll silverware, set up food stations or set up dining areas to prepare for the next shift or for large parties.Arrange tables or dining areas. Inform customers of daily specials.Present food or beverage information or menus to customers. Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as linens, silverware, and glassware.Arrange tables or dining areas. Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods.Present food or beverage information or menus to customers. Stock service areas with supplies such as coffee, food, tableware, and linens.Stock serving stations or dining areas with food or supplies. Remove dishes and glasses from tables or counters, take them to kitchen for cleaning.Collect dirty dishes or other tableware. Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and thanking guests.Schedule dining reservations.Assist customers with seating arrangements. Perform cleaning duties, such as sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet, tidying up server station, taking out trash, or checking and cleaning bathroom.Clean food preparation areas, facilities, or equipment. Bring wine selections to tables with appropriate glasses, and pour the wines for customers.Serve food or beverages. Perform food preparation duties such as preparing salads, appetizers, and cold dishes, portioning desserts, and brewing coffee.Prepare foods for cooking or serving.Prepare hot or cold beverages. Escort customers to their tables.Assist customers with seating arrangements. Fill salt, pepper, sugar, cream, condiment, and napkin containers.Stock serving stations or dining areas with food or supplies. Garnish and decorate dishes in preparation for serving.Add garnishes to food. Describe and recommend wines to customers.Present food or beverage information or menus to customers. Provide guests with information about local areas, including giving directions.Provide customers with general information or assistance. Job Type: Part-time Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required language: Required license or certification: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to GridIron Waffle Shop. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Valet Parking Attendant

We are looking for an experienced, courteous, energetic and well polished individual who is enthusiastic about customer service to staff our Lincolnshire healthcare location. Previous valet parking experience preferred.Responsibilities include drive, park and retrieve Customer cars in a safe and courteous manner. This position is Monday through Friday from 9am to 5pm. Position starts on February 15, 2018. Minimum requirements - -Must be able to operate a standard transmission vehicle (stick shift). -Must be authorized to work in the United States. -Must own dependable transportation to get to and from work. -Proficient in English both verbally and written. -Employees will be required to maintain a neat and well groomed appearance and be in clean pressed uniform at all times. -Must possess valid state drivers license; not expired or suspended with no major infractions and present a current MVR at interview. -Must be able to stand for long periods.Must have strong customer service and interpersonal skills. -Pass a criminal background check upon job offer. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Chicago Valet Services Inc.. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Marketing Automation Specialist/Digital Marketing

Job Summary The Marketing Automation Specialist is responsible for overseeing and implementing all automated marketing campaigns for the organization. Duties of the Marketing Automation Manager Establishing a range of automated marketing campaigns based on various criteria. Reviewing existing marketing campaigns across the business and automating where appropriate. Delivering a steady stream of qualified leads for the organisation. Ensuring all platforms within the business communicate with each other to remove discrepancies. Implementing lead scoring practices to enable higher conversions of quality leads.*m Implementation of a marketing automation platform for the business. Carrying out A/B testing on automated marketing campaigns to maximise results. Segmenting audiences and optimising campaigns to increase effectiveness. Reporting on all campaigns and making changes where necessary. Working collaboratively with other departments to ensure automated campaigns achieve company goals. Qualifications and Skills Background of the Marketing Automation Manager Previous experience using Marketing Automation platforms such as Act-on, Marketo, Pardot and Hubspot.* Strong analytical mindset and an ability to analyse campaigns.* Relevant industry experience would be a strong advantage.* Excellent email marketing and campaign experience is essential. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 /year Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Full service media company. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Kennel Assistant


Showing Specialist-Real Estate

All jobs → Showing Specialist-Real Estate Marietta, Georgia, United States The Real Estate Showing Specialist will be an individual who is highly sociable, draws energy from working with people, and is optimistic and outgoing. He/she loves to be around people, are persuasive, magnetic and optimistic. The Showing Specialist is with people all day long, every day. The right personality for that environment is critical. With the help of a Showing Specialist, the Buyer division can grow exponentially. The Showing Specialist will follow up after showings, find new properties to show, keep track of all the people in the pipeline, and move clients through the home buying process process.  PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES     The Cowan Connection Team does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
Investment Associate

(1) Analyze financial data and prepare various models used to determine economics of potential transactions (2) Underwrite properties and produce letters of intent (3) Prepare internal approval packages for presentation to Management and Investment Committees (4) Tour properties and markets, develop expertise in both (5) Execute multiple transactions in a given year with moderate to minimal supervision.   Physical Requirements Equal Employment Opportunity First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Committed to Diversity, M/F/D/V Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Help Wanted


Driver


SOC1 Security Analyst: Monitoring & Assessment L1/2


Account Advisor

We are a fast-growing startup in the healthcare technology space with a suite of intuitive patient engagement solutions that streamline the responsibilities of hospital staff, increase patient involvement and satisfaction, and positively influence outcomes. Our team is incredible. We are an award-winning company that strives to do better every day. Besides our fun team activities, company masseuse, and cornucopia of healthy snacks, the work ethic, commitment to core values, and firm knowledge that we help people across the country are really what tie us all together. How can you join the movement? The Account Advisor ensures that all of CipherHealth’s clients are well-versed in all of our features, functions, and products. This team member will also be responsible for partnering with key client leadership to track performance and recommend improvements to client processes through actionable goals and consistent follow-up. Through our onboarding process you will be exposed to all of the knowledge that makes a successful Account Advisor: Implementation, Product Support and Analytics. You will meld your prior experiences and knowledge with Cipher-specific exposure to product, analytics, implementations and client relations, to ensure for an integrated experience on the Account Management team. Individuals seeking employment at CipherHealth are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Assistant General Manager, Resort Operations - WorldMark Big...

Minimum Requirements and Qualifications

Education
• BA/BS degree
• Associate Governance preferred
• Community Associate Management Certification preferred.

Training requirements
• Hospitality certifications preferred
• CMCA
• CPR
• Certified Pool Operator preferred

Knowledge and skills If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application please email your request to Mycareer@Wyn.com and provide the job title and location to which you are applying. © 2006-2017 Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. All rights reserved. Wyndham Worldwide and affiliated brands and logos are service marks and/or registered trademarks of Wyndham Worldwide or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.
Admissions Producer

General Assembly is not your average company. While only in our 4th year of business, we have grown to over 600 employees worldwide and have more accolades to our name than companies our senior. We were recently voted Fast Company’s #1 Most Innovative Company in Education and #28 Most Innovative Company in the world. We pride ourselves on having a collection of minds; all dedicated to pushing the envelope to provide the best quality product to our customers, treating everyone like a name and never a number. Our mission is to create a global community of individuals empowered to pursue work that they love, and we’ve done just that. We offer classes, workshops, enterprise partnerships, and events at our campuses worldwide. Our headquarters is in New York City, but we have campuses in Atlanta, Austin, London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Sydney, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston, Chicago, Seattle, Melbourne, Washington DC, and online. We are seeking a driven, sales professional to join our Inside Sales Team. Sales at General Assembly involves dealing only with interested parties – we do not cold call or prospect. Your role at General Assembly is crucial as the Inside Sales Team is responsible for ensuring each potential student understands what it takes to be successful in a General Assembly course. Ultimately, you’ll be responsible for driving revenue that allows GA to continue to grow, scale, change lives. Working on the Inside Sales Team at General Assembly is the perfect medium between making money and serving others. We’re a mission-driven company, looking for people who are hungry to work hard, make a difference, and grow within our organization. Our teams are rapidly expanding and growth opportunities are abundant for those who are not afraid to roll up their sleeves and be a leader. If you’re competitive, compassionate, hungry to grow professionally, and ready to change lives, General Assembly is the place for you.  The Responsibilities:  Requirements:  General Assembly is a licensed school in all states that we operate in, and some states require inside sales associates to be licensed to recruit or enroll students. If hired, you will be required to submit and be approved as a sales agent in relevant states. Directions for becoming licensed will be shared with you during onboarding. Licensure requirements vary by state, but you may be required  to answer questions pertaining to moral character, professional conduct, education, and work history. General Assembly will pay for all licensing fees. Individuals seeking employment at General Assembly are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Case Manager II

Serving the vulnerable. Improving quality of life.  Donate 319 Maple Street
Perth Amboy
New Jersey 08861
732-324-8200
Front Desk / Night Audit

The Front Desk Agent/ Night Auditor is responsible for providing the highest quality of service to guests in an attentive, courteous, and efficient manner, by checking guests in and out of the hotel. They provide a welcoming attitude and are proficient in all service questions and requests Duties Front Desk Night Audit Apart from the front desk duties… Applicant Requirements Job Type: Full-time Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $10.00 /hour Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Radisson Suites. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Social Worker, Per Diem in multiple areas!

SOCIAL WORKER, PER DIEM -PORT ROYAL, MOUNT UNION AND/OR LEWISTOWN Advantage Home Health Services is committed to providing the highest quality home health services that our patients both require and deserve. If you share that vision and are passionate about improving the health and wellbeing of those in your care, consider becoming a valued member of our Advantage Team. We now have rewarding per diem opportunities for compassionate, enthusiastic Social Workers to join our dedicated staff of health care professionals. Will visit patients in PORT ROYAL, MOUNT UNION AND/OR LEWISTOWN to assess patient in-home needs, focusing on safety conditions and financial options. Because Advantage Home Health Services believes that our employees are the foundation to providing excellent patient care, we strive to equip them with the tools and environment to excel. We offer competitive per visit rates, flexible schedules and a friendly, supportive staff. APPLY NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION ON JOINING THE ADVANTAGE TEAM! Job Requirements:
Applicants must: MUST have a Medical social worker license in the state of Pennyslvania
Be self-motivated, detail oriented with excellent communication skills
Have knowledge of Health Service Programs,
Have case management or medical social work experience You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication?
Associate QA Auditor/QA Auditor

              
CASINO HOST - ASIAN MARKET


Barista


Population Health Manager


Cloud Research Intern

Share: We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.  As the industry's leading supplier of microprocessor technology, Arm provides efficient, low-power chip intelligence making affordable, easy-to-use electronic innovations come to life. Technology Services Group (TSG) within Arm provides high performance computing (HPC) platform used by all of Arm’s engineering teams to design and develop CPUs, as well as the data platform that collects and reports all the engineering data to track the HPC system’s allocation and utilization, enables data aggregation and analytics on different usage level, and drives business intelligence to make a more efficient engineering estate. We are looking for a talented and passionate candidate with strong data framework background to join our Advanced Product Design (APD) group in TSG. Through research and prototype development, APD provides strategic roadmaps on evolution of our compute and data platform to meet both existing and future needs of the engineering requirements. During the internship, you will be exploring and prototyping data lake and data warehouse solutions based on emerging cloud architectures and design. You are expected to work closely with the engineering and operation teams to understand the key components of the HPC systems and the fundamentals of the workflows, and be able to nail-down the data infrastructure prototype to cope with the existing data features while incorporating new features.  What are the desired behaviours for this role? At Arm, we are proud to have a set of behaviours that reflect our unique culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and shape extraordinary. These behaviours are assessed as part of the recruitment process: Your particular benefits package will depend on position and type of employment and may be subject to change. Your package will be confirmed on offer of employment. Arm’s benefits program provides permanent employees with the opportunity to stay innovative and healthy, ensure the wellness of their families, and create a positive working environment.  Arm® technology is at the heart of a computing and connectivity revolution that is transforming the way people live and businesses operate. From the unmissable to the invisible; our advanced, energy-efficient processor designs are enabling the intelligence in 86 billion silicon chips and securely powering products from the sensor to the smartphone to the supercomputer. With more than 1,000 technology partners including the world’s most famous business and consumer brands, we are driving Arm innovation into all areas compute is happening inside the chip, the network and the cloud. With offices around the world, Arm is a diverse community of dedicated, innovative and highly talented professionals. By enabling an inclusive, meritocratic and open workplace where all our people can grow and succeed, we encourage our people to share their unique contributions to Arm's success in the global marketplace.  The Arm Austin office employs staff from across all divisions of ARM and is considered the engineering hub for North America. Austin has the nickname of “Silicon Hills” thanks to the high number of tech companies in the area, and is also known as the “Live Music Capital of the World". Events such as South by Southwest, Austin City Limits Music Festival and the F1 Grand Prix are but a few of the many activities that make Austin a top destination for both residents and travelers. All Rights Reserved. ©ARM Ltd. 1995 - 2015
Technician B - Pulmonary


M&E Works Manager

Location: DC Asia, Bangkok Available: now Duration: 33 months You be working 5 days a week as M&E Works Manager as part of the Project Management Team for the implementation of a Mass Transit Line. M&E Works will include Railway Systems, Rolling Stock, Signaling, PSD, Power Supply, SCADA, etc. Dorsch Consult asia Co., Ltd. E-Mail: dcasia(at)dorsch.co(dot)th
Fon: + 66 (0) 2 679 8900
Fax: + 66 (0) 2 679 8995
Skilled Laborer

To create opportunities where others see obstacles requires innovation. Our biggest innovation is our people and the cultivation of talent. Our employees are the real product, the engine behind our business, our greatest resource and the core differentiator from our competitors. EZ’s expert construction teams are also dependable, hardworking and prioritize safety as the cornerstone of every project. If you would like to be part of a team with qualities such as this, please complete our online application or apply to one of the jobs listed in the section. THIS APPLICATION IS NOT AN EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT, but is merely intended to evaluate suitability for employment. It is the policy of EZ Construction to provide equal employment to all qualified persons without discrimination on the basis of sex, race, color, religion, age, national origin, genetic information, disability, veteran status and any other legally protected status under state and federal law. It is also the policy of EZ Construction to have the option of conducting pre-employment screening before a job offer is made. If a job offer is made, employment may be contingent upon a successful completion of a medical examination, which may include providing body substance samples. E-Z Construction is an at-will, equal opportunity employer. Primary purpose
Supervises and coordinates activities of workers engaged in site construction, such as, sanitary and storm sewer construction, concrete walks and structures, parking lot and drainage infrastructure.
Typical Duties
Supervise crew of 3-8 workers, consisting of carpenters, laborers and heavy equipment operators. Examines blueprints to determine construction methods, plans and maintains construction schedules, places phone calls to coordinate work with supervisors and handles delivery of materials and communications with other trades. Intellectually the foreman must able to apply principles of rational systems, time reporting systems, job-cost systems and record such systems with computers or paper recording devices. Should be skilled in computation of calculations of volumes, percentages, profit and loss, weights and measures. Foreman must adhere to OSHA and company safety policies, assure employees work in a safe environment, and assist in training programs. Needs to understand basic verbal and safety instruction in English and work in a team environment with positive and productive results. Be dependable, reliable and exceptional in work performance. The above description covers the principal duties and responsibilities of the job. The description shall not be constructed as a complete listing of all miscellaneous, incidental or similar duties which may be required from day to day. Primary purpose Effectively uses, operates and maintains power construction equipment such as track type excavators, skid steer loaders, dozers, backhoes and wheel loaders to excavate, grade and prepare excavation areas for piping, structures, parking lots and drainage. Typical Duties
Safety work outside and operate around other workers, operate equipment in tight or confined conditions. Operate equipment without supervision necessary to make cuts and fills, compact dirt to required specifications, load trucks, grade and prepare dirt and gravel necessary for construction. Must perform minor repairs and grease and maintain equipment. Operator must be able to control grades, slopes and level surfaces within close tolerances. Operator must be physically able to mount and dismount equipment, occasionally lift and carry 50 pounds. Assist other trades when idle. Needs to understand basic verbal and safety instruction in English and work in a team environment with positive and productive results. Be dependable, reliable and exceptional in work performance. The above description covers the principal duties and responsibilities of the job. The description shall not be constructed as a complete listing of all miscellaneous, incidental or similar duties which may be required from day to day. Primary Purpose
Assists carpenters, operators and foreman with the construction of concrete formwork and rebar, installation of sanitary and storm systems, placing gravel and concrete for structures.
Typical Duties
Perform hand excavation with picks, shovels and rakes and lift and carry construction products on the jobsite. Work in dusty, muddy and outdoor elements. Erects scaffolds, uses ladders and must abide by and be competent with OSHA rules and regulations that apply to general construction and heavy construction. Must possess ability to safely use and maintain power tools, including power saws, drills, abrasive saws, tapes and lifting devices. Must safely work around heavy equipment, such as excavators, dump trucks, skid steer loaders, water pumps and electric generators. Workers should possess on the jobsite at all times basic tools, such as a hammer, tape measure, pencils, nail apron, and pliers. Physically, worker must be able to climb and balance on scaffolds and ladders and lift and carry objects weighing up to 100 pounds. Regular lifting of 50 lbs. can be expected. Stoop, kneel and crawl in small or confined spaces. Needs to understand basic verbal and safety instruction in English, work in a team environment with positive and productive results. Be dependable, reliable and exceptional in work performance. The above description covers the principal duties and responsibilities of the job. The description shall not be constructed as a complete listing of all miscellaneous, incidental or similar duties which may be required from day to day. Primary Purpose
Construct, erect formwork and tie reinforcing steel necessary to form and pour concrete slabs, structural walls and decorative concrete.
Typical Duties
Studies plans and information required to erect formwork using prefab panels, plywood and form ties. Verifies, cuts and shapes forms to specific dimensions and patterns using lumber, nails, screws and fastening devices. Erects scaffolds, uses ladders and must abide by and be competent with OSHA rules and regulations that apply to general construction and heavy construction. Must possess ability to safely use and maintain power tools, including power saws, drills, abrasive saws, tapes and lifting devices. Must safely work outside around heavy equipment, such as excavators, dump trucks, skid steer loaders, water pumps and electric generators. Workers should be able to work within precise limits of accuracy and apply mathematics to solve layout and construction issues associated with concrete construction. Must be able to layout, set and tie multiple shapes and sizes of reinforcing steel. Workers should possess on the jobsite at all times basic carpentry tools, such as a hammer, tape measure, pencils, nail apron, saws, levels, squares and pliers. Physically, worker must be able to climb and balance on scaffolds and ladders, lift and carry objects weighing up to 100 pounds. Stoop, kneel and crawl in small or confined spaces at times. Needs to understand basic verbal and safety instruction in English, work in a team environment with positive and productive results. Be dependable, reliable and exceptional in work performance. The above description covers the principal duties and responsibilities of the job. The description shall not be constructed as a complete listing of all miscellaneous, incidental or similar duties which may be required from day to day.
Security Officer

Job Summary Security Officer in an entertainment venue. Will be responsible for safety and security of all venue staff, visiting artist and patrons. Responsibilities and Duties Enforce Federal, State and all venue rules and regulations. Conduct access control, and searches using Mags, Wands, Bag Searches and Pat Downs. Fill out appropriate paperwork on all incidents and conduct one self in a professional manner. Must be able to follow orders. Must be able to stand for long periods of time. Must have a great work ethic and be punctual. MUST BE QUALIFIED TO OBTAIN A MARYLAND SECURITY GUARD LICENSE!! Qualifications and Skills Previous Security experience a plus but not mandatory, Previous experience in the crowed management field. Experienced with Mags, and Wand searches. Great communication and customer service skills. Job Type: Part-time Salary: $12.00 to $13.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required license or certification: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Modell Performing Arts Center at the Lyric. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Marketing Administrator

Job Summary This is Show Business and IF YOU WANT TO BE PART OF THE SHOW, APPLY NOW! Our Mission Statement is simpler than most: We create Winning Experiences for our fans, team members, horseman and corporate partners. We believe that being a good Team Member begins with having a good attitude. The product we “sell” in order to maintain our business is FUN! And we try to have fun in striving for Excellence in all we do. Lone Star Park at Grand Prairie , one of the nation’s most exciting major league sports and entertainment venues, is seeking a full time Marketing Administrator to join the Marketing Department to support the Marketing Team. This includes general office administration duties, such as, but not limited to, answering phones, ordering office supplies, ordering food/catering, meeting scheduling and other clerical duties as assigned. Must be able to take and distribute notes at company meetings as needed. If you are looking for a new opportunity with a company that has an amazing culture, then this could be the opportunity for you! Responsibilities and Duties Reports to Director of Marketing. Primary responsibilities include execution of the marketing plans as determined by the Marketing Department at Lone Star Park, as well as the following:
* Print/Creative Production: Direct Mail: *
Internal Communications: Qualifications and Skills Benefits Top Reasons to Work with Us: Job Type: Full-time Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Lone Star Park at Grand Prairie. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Traffic Control / Flagger

Traffic Control / Flagger Position Green Mountain Flagging is an exciting family-run company protecting work zones all over Vermont and throughout the Northeast. It is easy to join us, and rewarding to be part of our team! This is a perfect opportunity for starting a career with amazing growth potential and benefits. As a Traffic Control professional, you will be responsible for providing traffic control to Vermont work zones year round. GMF will provide you with the training and knowledge needed to ensure regulations and procedures are properly carried out. This position has a variable schedule, and work locations can vary depending on client need.  Some weekend availability is expected. Seasonal and year round positions are available. Why join the GMF team? “I joined GMF because I recently had my first child and wanted to provide for my growing family.  GMF lets me accomplish my goals and provide for my son. I love working outside and my co-workers are the best! I love this company!”  - Michael, Flagger for 3 months “The best part of working for GMF is the flexibility and willingness of the company to be helpful to their workers.” – Melissa, Flagger for 6 weeks “My favorite day on the job was assisting storm damage repairs. The locals had no power for over a week. After 2 days out, we got their power on. As we were leaving, all the locals were by the road cheering and waiving as we rolled out. Very rewarding!” – Christina, Flagger & Crew Leader for 3 years Responsibilities Requirements  
Mental Health Program Specialist


Environmental Technician II - Pretreatme...

Last Updated: 2010-01-20 Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
900 E. Broad St. | Richmond, VA 23219 | Map it | (804)646-7000
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Mayor Dwight C. Jones | © 2010 City of Richmond
Professional Security Officer for a Training Center

Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America’s leading security services provider. Allied Universal, North America’s leading security services provider, is experiencing tremendous growth. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental, vision, flex spending, 401K, an anniversary bonus, and an on-the-spot recognition program.  We promote from within our company! You can start with little, to no, security experience and become one of Allied Universal’s many success stories. Apply to join the LARGEST SECURITY COMPANY in the United States! Allied Universal Services is currently searching for a Professional Security Officer. The Professional Security Officer is the heart of Allied Universal Services. Our officers allow us to accomplish our company’s
core purpose which is “to serve, secure and care for the people and businesses in our communities”. The Professional
Security Officer is responsible for the safety and security of the facilities they protect. Our security officers act
as a visible deterrent to crime and client rule infractions; they detect and report suspicious, unsafe or criminal acts
at or near their assigned posts which may be a threat to the property, clients, guests or employees at the site. Although
essential activities may differ based on the facility at which they work, below are some of the standards:  Physical and Mental Functions:  Qualifications/Requirements: Qualified applicants for the Professional Security Officer position will meet the minimum requirements,
as described below: Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America’s leading security services provider. With over 140,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: 866.825.5433 or www.AUS.com. We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Client Advocate

When life changes, we can help! At The Advocator Group, we turn challenges into opportunities in order to enrich the lives of our clients. Our stunning Teammates are dedicated to preserving the financial well-being of clients by assisting them through the Social Security Disability benefits process. The Advocator Group has achieved continuous growth in employee count, locations and revenue since our beginning in 2002. We operate as a subsidiary of Brown & Brown, one of the largest players in the insurance & financial services industry, with over 75 years of dedicated service. We're looking for a compassionate, enthusiastic Teammate to join our team as a Client Advocate! Career Highlights: Responsibilities: Requirements: Our stunning Teammates are truly what makes our success possible! We are committed to providing a positive environment that fosters growth, innovation and collaboration. To support our Teammates, we offer…  We play as individuals, but win as a team… We look forward to you joining The Advocator Group on our mission to change lives!! Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
National Distributed Organizing Representative

Job Title: National Distributed Organizing Representative
Department:  Program Department
Reports To:  Field Organizing Manager

Context:  Builds grassroots power by leading the implementation of distributed organizing campaigns. Increases the number of people involved, leaders trained, and engagement of people with influence to achieve our conservation goals.  Plans, coaches, organizes, and coordinates the distributed activities of staff and volunteers seeking to engage in our national Resist Campaign. Develops organizing strategies and priorities for assigned campaign or program.  Coordinates and oversees the distributed organizing plan for the Resist Campaign. Incorporates Movement Building elements and justice principles into distributed organizing plans.

Scope:  The National Distributed Organizing Representative will work with the campaign team and partners to develop a model of distributed grassroots organizing, based on movement building, justice and equity. They will partner with the Digital Strategies Department to build a distributed grassroots network for public support for the Sierra Club’s Resist Campaign across the country, support teams of volunteers in targeted states and foster partnerships with diverse organizations.

The National Distributed Organizing Representative is responsible for the coordination and effective implementation of the distributed organizing goals within the Resist Campaign. Oversees creating the organizing plan and developing the strategy and helps to carry out organizational and issue visibility in regional, national media and in the local community. Participates in activities and services provided by the regional office. Provides leadership in working with volunteer leaders, national, state and local Program staff on Resistance work.  Evaluates and measures success of distributed activities with manager and Campaign to ensure progress towards the campaign's mission and goals. Helps determine changes to strategies needed to reach goals.


Job Activities: Knowledge & Skills:  This position is represented by a collective bargaining unit and is subject to the terms and conditions of the contract between Sierra Club and Progressive Workers Union. The Sierra Club offers competitive salary package commensurate with skills and experience plus excellent benefits that include medical, dental, and vision coverage, and a retirement savings 401(k) plan. This is a category 4 exempt position. Sierra Club is a 501(c)(4) organization. Sierra Club does not sponsor H1B visas. The Sierra Club is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. Explore, enjoy and protect the planet.  *If you are applying for more than one position with us, please attach your job-specific cover letters in the 'Attachments' section. Home | Contact Us | Careers | En Español | Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights | Website Help Sierra Club® and "Explore, enjoy and protect the planet® are registered trademarks of the Sierra Club. © 2016 Sierra Club.
The Sierra Club Seal is a registered copyright, service mark, and trademark of the Sierra Club.
Account Manager

RevolutionParts is a rapidly-growing, 50+ employee SaaS company based in sunny Arizona. We’re a tech company dedicated to modernizing the auto industry with a revolutionary eCommerce platform that’s already helped hundreds of dealerships nationwide sell auto parts online. We’re seeking talented individuals who can adapt to a fast-paced environment. Join our team to work with a down-to-earth group of people who stick to our core values and genuinely care about providing a quality experience to customers and employees alike!  
Customer Service Associate

If you have great people skills and enjoy working with the public, we want to meet you!  Our people get to share in customers’ milestone moments such as weddings, birthdays, anniversaries, and everything in between.  Shane Co. is seeking Customer Service Associates who are career-minded with unmatched people skills. We’re looking for passionate, polished professionals to deliver the personalized, customer experience we’re known for world-wide!  We value diversity, and the array of expertise, skills, and knowledge you can bring to our team!  Organization, an eye for detail, and a “can do” attitude in a fun, fast-paced, retail environment will lead you toward success!  Let us tell you why Shane Co. is an amazing place to work! We offer better hours than most retailers.  Priding ourselves on our inclusive Company culture, we love to win as a team and our bonus program is built to reward everyone. We offer 3 weeks of paid vacation, 7 paid holidays, an annual personal day, health, dental, vision insurance, flexible spending accounts, Company-paid life insurance, 401(k) with a Company match, and, of course, a generous discount program.  Join a company that invests in its employees and truly wants YOU to succeed! #JT Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Regional HR Representative

Allied Universal, a leading facility services company and the largest security force in North America with over 150,000 employees, provides unparalleled security services and solutions. With headquarters in Santa Ana, Calif., and Conshohocken, Pa., Allied Universal combines people and technology to deliver evolving, tailored solutions that allow our clients to focus on their core business. An unrelenting focus on clients’ success creates partnerships rooted in quality and value, and is supported by experience gained from being in business for over 50 years. Through our people and leading services, systems and solutions…Allied Universal is there for you.  Allied Universal is currently seeking a Regional HR Representative to be based out of one of our branch offices located in Nashville or Memphis, TN. This person will be responsible for managing all employee and labor relations for Allied Universal in the state of TN which includes over 3,000 Security Professionals.  The HR Representative will be successful by partnering effectively with branch management on all human resource related activities  Starting base salary is $50,000 plus a car allowance. Additional responsibilities may include, but are not limited to the following: Qualified candidates for the Regional HR Representative position will meet the minimum requirements, as described below: *CB~Corp Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America’s leading security services provider. With over 150,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information:  www.AUS.com.  We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Project Coordinator

Purpose:  Performs functions as directed to support client accounts.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Qualifications and Skills Requirements:  Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in a climate controlled environment. The employee works independently and as part of a department team to meet business goals. The environment has small confined work spaces and work is performed around and among others.  Physical Demands: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Marketing Automation Platform
Field Inspector


Financial Services Representative I - Blue Bell

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US. The Financial Service Representative I (FSR) act as an Insurance licensed employee, providing Customers with additional products & services and acting as wealth referral champion within the Store. The Financial Services Representative I (FSR) is required to maintain active registration with State Life & Health Insurance licensing. The Financial Service Representative I (FSR) act in a dual role as FSR and Customer Service Representative and are the primary contact and resource for large/complex credit needs within the store, consistently providing exemplary Customer Service through selling and cross-selling a wide range of banking products, investment and insurance products and services to new and existing Customers. At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential. If you have a disability that requires an accommodation to complete the application process, please e-mail TD Bank's HR Compliance Department at hrcompliance@td.com. Please include your full name, contact information and details about your request within the e-mail. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
CDI QUALITY COORDINATOR - QUALITY IMPROVEMENT/PLANNING

        
Associate Editor, Weldon Owen

Weldon Owen, an imprint of Bonnier Publishing USA is seeking a creative, organized, and experienced associate editor to join the editorial team in their San Francisco office to help develop, edit, and produce high-quality cookbooks and other visually driven titles. Candidates must have a minimum of 2–4 years book editorial experience, preferably in cookbooks, and possess keen communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong line and conceptual editing skills are necessary. The ideal candidate has good project management skills, a passion for food and home cooking, and experience working on books from start to finish. The job requires a creative and flexible team player who is always ready to pitch in as needed. As the associate editor on the cooking team, you will be responsible for assisting with a wide range of editorial duties including trafficking manuscripts, acting as point person for a stable of freelancers, writing copy, editing recipes for house style, and helping to organize and oversee photo shoots. You will work closely with the senior editor and publisher on day-to-day tasks, the design team on layout reviews and photo shoots, and the marketing department to develop tip sheets, marketing copy, and social media initiatives. A role at Bonnier Publishing is an opportunity to be a part of a different story. There are no other major publishers like us. Everything we do is underpinned by our group values; we live and breathe them in everything we do. What You'll Be Doing: What You'll Bring to the Table: What you didn’t know about the team:
Bonnier Publishing USA is the new kid on the Bonnier Publishing block, and we're growing fast! This is your chance to get in on the ground floor of one of the most exciting opportunities in publishing worldwide. Applying to join our team:
Please apply with your CV detailing your salary expectations. We’d love to know more about you than just what’s on your CV, so feel free to send a letter, video or comic monologue whatever showcases your passion for our company and the work you’d be doing and we’ll view it. Competitive Salary Working with a team of passionate, talented people Medical, dental and vision benefits Employer paid disability and life insurance 401(k) with company match Generous vacation allotment Founded in 1984, Weldon Owen US is a high-quality, non-fiction, adult book publisher specializing in producing innovative, richly illustrated lifestyle books in the categories of food and drink, sports and fitness, popular science, craft and design, and popular culture for the global market, delivering approximately 70+ books a year. We illustrate great ideas, break down complex skills so anyone can learn them, and entertain and inspire along the way a wide range of readers' passions, be they practical, creative, adventurous, or all-out fun.  BE DIFFERENT BE POSITIVE BE AGILE BE EMPOWERED BE ONE BE PROUD Laura | Hiring Manager San Francisco
Visit website Powered by
Service Associate


Operations Development Associate

       © 2016 Donaldson Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Vernon Hills Life Engagement Specialist

The Life Engagement Specialist is responsible for creating an atmosphere for residents, family, staff, and visitors that is welcoming, stimulating, nurturing, and engaging through activity, entertainment, and person-centered programs in accordance with the overall Autumn Leaves philosophy of care. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Other duties may be assigned. MANAGERIAL AND BUDGETARY RESPONSIBILITIES: There are no managerial or budgetary responsibilities for this position. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. COMPETENCIES: PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Healthcare Privacy Analyst


IB DP/CP Coordinator

         ©2014 | 42 W. Madison St., Chicago, IL 60602 Chicago Public Schools
Head of Sales - Southeast region

Location: Remote Reporting to Vida's Sales Head, the  Regional Director / Head of Sales & Business Development will be responsible for all commercial activity in the Southeast region. This individual will develop and execute on a strategic plan to sell to large employers both directly and leveraging key consultant relationships. S/he will build and manage the entire sales pipeline from new business prospecting to building relationships with potential clients to closing business and building channel partnerships. Initially, this will be an individual contributor role; however, this individual will have the opportunity to build and lead a team of strategic account executives as Vida continues to scale and grow its business across the region. Possessing a strong understanding of the healthcare marketplace, this sales leader will identify and secure new business opportunities and partnerships with various players in the space, specifically targeting Fortune 1000 employers. Relationship-driven and mission-oriented, this commercial leader will build strong relationships with a consultative sales mindset. S/he will be passionate about our mission of providing high quality, cost-effective healthcare outcomes at scale. Candidate Responsibilities: Candidate Qualifications: Benefits & Perks ABOUT VIDA HEALTH:  Vida is a next generation continuous care platform for both consumers and businesses, combining a consumer mobile app, an enterprise care platform offering on demand 24/7 solutions for chronic conditions. Vida platform runs in the cloud, captures real-time data from 100+ devices and apps, and integrates back to the employer, payer, and provider. 133 million people in the U.S. live with a chronic condition, 70% of the $3T healthcare spend in the U.S. goes to preventable chronic conditions.
Business Development Manager- NCS Industrial

Health, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k with company match and more! Business Development Manager Requirements Come join a company where we are collaborative, fast-paced, innovative and challenging. National Coatings and Supplies is a privately held company headquartered in Raleigh, NC, with over 200 stores in 38 states. Our distribution platform serves a broad range of collision centers and industrial clients across the United States.  In 2016, National Coatings & Supplies, the second largest industry distributor merged with Single Source, Inc, the third largest industry distributor. We have already almost doubled our growth and we show no signs of slowing down. We are and Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Drug- free environment You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
Product Specialist


Equipment Operator

Eddie Bauer is an equal opportunity employer, committed to recruiting, hiring, and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, regardless of sex; race; color; creed; national origin; religion; age; marital status; pregnancy; physical, mental or sensory disability; sexual orientation; gender identity; or any other basis protected by federal, state, provincial, or local law.
Rental Sales Agent (Overnight)

$750 retention bonus! (see compensation details below)  Sixt rent a car is an international leader in car rental, leasing, and innovative mobility solutions like Drive Now or mydriver. With revenues in excess of $2 billion and a fleet of 220,000 cars, we have moved into over 100 different countries worldwide. Sixt is the largest fleet purchaser of BMWs internationally, however does not consider itself a luxury car rental company. Instead, Sixt is proud to be a company with superior service and better cars for everyone at an exceptional value.  At Sixt, customers are guests. It is not a rental transaction but an experience equivalent to that of a five star hotel. Sixt hires service and sales oriented individuals, free to travel, and open to cultural experiences interacting with customers and colleagues from many diverse backgrounds. Sixt is more than just cars. We have a passion for style, technology, innovation, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.    Position Summary:  The Rental Sales Agent is responsible for optimizing the rental experience by selling extras based on the customer's needs, drafting rental agreements, and providing exceptional customer service. As a Rental Sales Agent you are entrusted with educating our customers on their buying options and serving them with the highest level of respect, professionalism and friendliness. You will be expected to become the expert on our fleet and ancillary products and enhance the customers' experience by providing expert recommendations. Rental Sales Agents will be incentivized and evaluated on predetermined service and sales goals and standards. We strive to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations on every opportunity. Benefits:  We value our employees' time and efforts. Our commitment to your success is enhanced by an extensive benefits package including paid vacation, medical, dental, vision and 401(k), STD, LTD, Basic Life and Supplemental Life benefits and future growth opportunities within the company.  Compensation: We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.  The information listed above is intended to describe the general nature and level of this position.  Essential functions and responsibilities may change as business needs require.  Your response to this advertisement may result in your consideration for employment with Sixt Rent a Car, LLC and its subsidiaries.  Offers of employment will be made by Sixt rent a Car, LLC or any of its subsidiaries or brands.  Come join our team! Apply now.
Product Marketer

Why we do what we do: Logikcull’s mission is to reveal what’s inside data so our customers can do the right thing. And make no mistake, our mission is hard! The costs and risks associated with complex data projects like e-discovery, responding to FOIA requests, and conducting internal investigations are skyrocketing as the amount of data increases. Logikcull is transforming these processes so they can be done in minutes, not days -- by anyone, anywhere. As a result, our customers -- solo attorneys to massive law firms, Fortune 500 companies to leading non-profits -- can find and use important information quickly so they can focus on their important work, whether it’s pursuing a better democracy or saving the Earth.  Who we are: Based in San Francisco, Logikcull is the leading provider of legal intelligence solutions. Its secure cloud-based platform is trusted by hundreds of organizations, including the US Government, Fortune 500 and Am Law 200, who use it to efficiently solve the complex data challenges associated with electronic discovery, internal investigations, subpoena response, FOIA, claims processing and more.  What we need: We are looking for a Product Marketer to help us better define and align our product in our various markets. Given the rapid expansion and diversification of our customer base and the variety of potential use cases, it is becoming increasingly difficult to identify and clearly convey our value proposition to each of these different groups. We need someone to identify and implement the appropriate messaging and positioning company-wide for each of our ICP. This will help us drive demand throughout the marketing funnel, better equip sales to both close new business and expand within existing accounts, and assist customer success, product and engineering to better deliver a product that meets the needs of our customers. We need someone independent, hard-working, willing to experiment and learn from failures. You must be technically minded and have an affinity for how legal buyers operate. Industry knowledge is a plus, for sure, but not essential. What is essential is that this you have the drive to learn Logikcull and the industry quickly. You must also be great at time management and focus on what most moves the needle, as blockers will arise from the fast-paced environment and regular pivots. What you'll be doing:  We're looking for someone with: 
Cyberspace Joint Operations Planner

All jobs → Cyberspace Joint Operations Planner Annapolis Junction, Maryland, United States · M · S OVERVIEW phia is seeking a Cyberspace Joint Operations Planner to support a large Federal government cyber organization. DUTIES KEY REQUIREMENTS WORK SCHEDULE: TBD WORK LOCATION: Annapolis Junction, MD TRAVEL: N/A TELEWORK ELIGIBILITY: N/A SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: TS/SCI w/ Poly phia LLC ("phia") is a Northern Virginia based, 8a certified small business established in 2011 with focus in Cyber Intelligence, Cyber Security/Defense, Intrusion Analysis & Incident Response, Cyber Architecture & Capability Analysis, Cyber Policy & Strategy, Information Assurance/Security, Compliance, Certification & Accreditation, Communications Security, Traditional Security, and Facilities Security. phia also provides cyber operations support functions such as: Program and Process Management, Engineering, Development, and Systems Administration that allows for Cyber Operations to efficiently integrate our customer’s missions and objectives. phia supports various agencies and offices within the Department of Defense (DoD), Federal government, and private/commercial entities. phia offers excellent benefits to enhance the work-life balance, these include the following:
Manager Trainee

We're a growing company, and we want YOU to grow with us!
Menards® home improvement stores are conveniently located throughout the Midwest in a 14-state region. From the novice do-it-yourselfer to the experienced contractor, Menards® has something for everyone! As a family-owned and operated business, Menards® is truly dedicated to service and quality and is the place to "Save BIG Money!®" on all your home improvement needs. As an employer, Menards® provides the tools and training that are needed to ensure that we provide great customer service, in stores or online. Menards® offers exceptional advancement opportunities, a positive work environment, as well as great pay and benefits! If you are a hard-working, guest-oriented person, we have opportunities for you! Apply today in person at your local site or online. - Submit Your Resume for a General Application with Menards Corporate Office here, or choose a specific store location below - Manager Trainee The Manager Trainee Program is the fast track into Menards Management. The program is very structured and well defined to help prepare you for a career in retail management. You will become accustomed to basic store procedures, common policies and terminology. The program is a comprehensive 3½-month on-the-job training program, which can be done at any one of our store locations. During the program you will rotate through four training areas within the store, gaining knowledge and exposure, which will help develop your management techniques. Upon successful completion of the four training areas of the program, combined with a willingness to relocate, your first promotion will be to Assistant Department Manager. At this level, you are gaining management experience, and with your commitment to success it will lead to increased responsibility and career advancement! Position Locations: 14 Midwestern States: IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, ND, NE, OH, SD, WI and WY.  Also, we have stores in the following metropolitan markets: Minneapolis / St. Paul, Milwaukee, Chicago, Indianapolis, St. Louis, Toledo, Detroit, Omaha, Des Moines, Cincinnati, Columbus, OH, Kansas City, MO and more moving forward. Bachelors Degree in a Business related field is preferred, but not required. Other Requirements: If you are interested in applying to this store location you can either apply today in person at your local store or select the 'Apply To This Job!' button shown above/below.  If we feel you meet the qualificatons for a position within our team you will be contacted by phone for an interview. 
Part Time PM Dishwasher

Job Summary Looking for a PART-time PM DISHWASHER to work friday saturday and sunday 5pm - close. Responsibilities and Duties Wash dishware. Plates. Pans and Pots. Glasses. Arrange dry storage. Put every item in its rightful place. Qualifications and Skills Previous dishwashing experience is a huge plus Job Type: Part-time Salary: $12.00 to $13.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to The Public House by Evans Brewing Co. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
2018 Graduate Training Program

Updated: Today
Location: New York, NY, United States
Job ID: EcImQWWq0Nyl  Interested in Syneos Health? Get In Touch Syneos Health is the only fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization. Our company, including a Contract Research Organization (CRO) and Contract Commercial Organization (CCO), is purpose-built to address new market realities where clinical and commercial share expertise, data and insights to accelerate biopharmaceutical performance. 3201 Beechleaf Court
Suite 600
Raleigh, NC 27604-1547 Phone: 919 876 9300
Fax: 919 876 9360
Toll-Free: 866 462 7373 © 2017 Syneos Health. All Rights Reserved.
Account Advisor, Care Management

We are a fast-growing company in the healthcare technology space with a suite of intuitive patient engagement solutions that streamline the responsibilities of hospital staff, increase patient involvement and satisfaction, and positively influence outcomes. Our team is incredible. We are an award-winning company that strives to do better every day. Besides our fun team activities, company masseuse, and cornucopia of healthy snacks, the work ethic, commitment to core values, and firm knowledge that we help people across the country are really what tie us all together. How can you join the movement?

As an Account Advisor, Care Management, you will be joining our Account Management (client-facing) team, which consists of four specialized groups - Implementations, Product Support, Analytics, and Account Advisors. Through our onboarding process, you will gather cross-functional knowledge from each of these specialized teams. You will meld your prior experiences and knowledge with Cipher-specific exposure to product, analytics, implementations and client relations, to ensure for an integrated experience on the Account Management team.

The Account Advisor, Care Management will be involved with product implementation and account management for clients utilizing our care management and care coordination platform. She or he will be responsible for partnering with key client leadership to track performance and recommend improvements to processes and program operations through actionable goals and consistent follow-up. Individuals seeking employment at CipherHealth are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Principle Healthcare Economics and Reimbursement Analyst

Set Job Alert Create and manage profiles for future opportunities. Track your opportunities. We look for bold ideas and fresh insights - that's what drives innovation. Come drive the future of healthcare with us. The opportunity to invent. The benefit of joining a leader. The power to improve lives. You’ll find all that and more here. Bring life-changing solutions to those who need them. Be rewarded for rewarding work. Join us in our challenge to make global healthcare more affordable and accessible. Your insight and oversight will help us create solutions that change the world. Our mission “to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life” is more than a statement. It’s a belief that our employees live every day. Alyse is an Engineering Program Manager for Neuromodulation in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Our employees come from varied backgrounds with a common goal—changing lives. Join us, and bring the power of your unique point of view to our culture of collaboration and innovation. Be part of one of the world’s leading medical technologies and solutions companies. It is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. This employer participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here.
CUST EXPERIENCE ASSOCIATE


Busser MC Bent Tree

Busser MC Bent Tree Summary of Position:  As a busser you are responsible for helping out wait staff and bartenders. A busser is not the front line of service but their strong attention to detail and attentiveness is what is needed to thrill our guests. Serve guests, water, salsa and tortilla chips upon their arrival, and provide refills as needed. Remove used tableware between courses; clear and reset tables after guests leave. Schedule and Pay Range: The Bussers primarily works during lunch and dinner hours.  This is variable hour, non-exempt position paid a below minimum wage hourly rate plus tips. (hourly rate plus tips = average of $8 to $14 per hour with tips) What we Offer: What you Offer: Where we are Located: 
News Writer, TechTarget Networking Media

Department: Editorial Location: Newton, MA TechTarget is looking for a News Writer to report and write news stories focused on the business networking and communications markets. This position offers the opportunity to produce articles that go beyond the surface details of events and focus in on what is important to Information Technology professionals who build and run corporate networks. Including the voices of networking professionals in stories is key to providing context for our readers. The ideal candidate will have two to five years of writing experience, the ability to develop and cover a beat, and produce clean copy on deadline. Technology journalism experience is a plus but not required. Apply 
Adjunct-CE, sUAS / Drones Pilot


Bilingual Spanish Part Time Retail Sales Consultant

Keyword Search City, State, or ZIP  This is not your average part-time opportunity. At AT&T, our Part-Time Retail Sales Consultants earn a base salary plus commission and are eligible for competitive benefits packages. They are also crucial to serving our customers during peak hours, when sales are often higher. What makes a successful Part Time Retail Sales Consultant at AT&T? Check out the traits we’re looking for to see if you have what it takes.  What's this
job really like? Here’s a step-by-step look at the Retail hiring process. Watch this video to see what the job's really like Complete online application Complete the assessment Interview Realistic job preview with a store manager Conditional job offer Drug screening and background check Congratulations and welcome to AT&T! That’s why we’re providing you with the information you need to prepare for the entire application process. In particular, your assessment will ask behavioral questions to test if your sales and customer services skills are a good fit for this opportunity. When you’re getting ready, it’s a good idea to find a quiet place, get in the zone and answer as honestly as possible. And to prevent any errors from happening, make sure you are doing so on a computer and not a mobile device. If you want to get a better idea of what will be involved, check out our Retail Sales Consultant Study Guide > AT&T offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards. Enjoy immediate access to discounts on a wide range of items – from AT&T branded products and services to tickets for sports and entertainment events. Play as hard as you work! On top of paid holidays, AT&T offers Paid Time Off (PTO) to eligible employees for leisure and to handle personal activities. PTO includes bereavement and jury/court duty. Rock your job with the support of innovative learning and development initiatives. Keep learning - tuition assistance is available for eligible employees to help cover education costs that have been approved by the company. AT&T employees can plan for the future by enrolling in our AT&T Retirement Savings Plan (ARSP). Get covered with our excellent insurance options - for you and your family. You get the opportunity to work with and meet some really amazing people. I do not have any cons. AT&T Inside Story - Jamie Henk AT&T Inside Story - Will Moody We work hard and play even harder. Because with everything we do, #LifeAtATT is always an adventure. In 2015, we saved $119 million in annualized energy – and that’s only the start of how we’re in the business of doing good. We’re working to make a difference in our communities – like our $250 million commitment to education through AT&T Aspire. With 115,000+ employees in our employee networks, we celebrate the amazing things our differences bring to the table. We’re on a mission to hire the best talent – a big mission. We’re committed to hiring 20,000 veterans by 2020. Whether it’s in AT&T Labs, the AT&T Foundry or our Mobile App Hackathons, we’re unleashing talent and turning big ideas into big possibilities. With mentors to guide your way and lots of training opportunities, there’s no limit to how much you can grow or where your career can go. Spread The Word Bilingual Retail Employees - Meet Manny Benefits of Working Part-Time at AT&T From the Shores of Cuba to the Boardroom at AT&T, Ralph de la Vega Talks About His Rise to the Top Life at AT&T | Building a Rube Goldberg-style Machine Bilingual Retail Employees - Meet Daniel Explore more stories © 2018 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. Discrimination and all unlawful harassment (including sexual harassment) in employment is not tolerated. We encourage success based on our individual merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or employment status. We support and obey laws that prohibit discrimination everywhere we do business. AT&T fully considers all qualified applicants including those with a criminal history. Click here to learn more or request an application accommodation here.
Part-time Weekday Evening Cleaner-Fond du Lac

 By taking care of our employees first and rewarding their hard work, KleenMark makes it easy for our communities’ to have clean places to learn, work, play, and get healthy. An award winning, locally owned, and family-run company, we are THE trusted cleaning partner for many of Wisconsin’s best workplaces, hospitals, and schools. In 2016 we’re celebrating our 60th anniversary. Description: Your perfect part-time job. No weekends or holidays. No customers. No more juggling constantly changing schedules. Schedule: Tuesday/Thursday 4 hours a night. Schedule may have room to be adjusted to different, set schedule for the right candidate. Pay Rate: $12-15 an hour     Job duties for Commercial Cleaners include but are not limited to the following: Advancement opportunities are available for Commercial Cleaners who exhibit: All candidates must be able to meet the following physical demands: Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Account Executive MSA

This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more Microsoft is the destination for experienced, collaborative, and passionate digital advertising professionals seeking a rewarding career and lifestyle. We offer a compelling portfolio of advertising products, innovative solutions and the opportunity to engage with some of the brightest minds in the digital industry. Microsoft Advertising is a worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services organization on the cutting edge of the digital advertising industry. We are the engine that powers the buying and selling of digital advertising across all aspects of our digital portfolio including our high-growth search engine, Bing.                                                Update contact information? Great! Updates to your account have been saved. The selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
Customer Care Representatives

The Association for Talent Development (ATD) is seeking Customer Service Representatives to join our team. Our Call Center provides top-notch service to ATD members and customers through phone, email, and chat contacts. One look at our site (www.td.org) will show you the interesting topics you’ll deal with. You would be answering questions, resolving problems, and demonstrating how valuable our members and customers are to us by delivering the ATD brand customer experience.

Position requirements include: What else does the ideal candidate have? Being on our team means you have a positive attitude, believe in teamwork, and look forward to enthusiastically representing the organization. Call center and sales experience is helpful – but we’re open to people who have worked with all types of customers – internal and external, banking, retail, administrative, etc. Some holiday and weekend work required. During the application/interview process, applicants may be asked to take aptitude and skills assessment tests. 
Asset Protection Team Member - Part Time


Tower Technician II (Top Hand)

If you are having difficulty viewing our jobs in Internet Explorer or Safari,
please try Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. Position Description


Job Summary:
We are now looking for Tower Technician II candidates in your area.  Responsible for learning and retaining new knowledge that will be obtained via a vigorous training program and mentoring program.  Candidates must be able to carefully and accurately follow safety and work instructions, organize and track their work via checklists and work procedures, and must be able and willing to climb tall structures with an average of 50 lb. load and work at altitudes of 300+ feet.
Responsibilities:
Understand and strictly adhere to safety and quality guidelines without deviation.
Safely and efficiently complete repairs and upgrades at elevated heights.  Impacted equipment will be mounted on various structures such as guyed towers, lattice towers, monopole towers, water towers, stealth towers and rooftops.
Observe and report possible compound / equipment defects or hazards.
Ensure that Job Hazard Assessment (JHA) requirements are identified, documented and followed.
Accurately follow instructions and complete assigned course of action in accordance with scope of work and methods of procedures (MOPs) and track work via checklists.
Accurately and timely document job costs, including labor hours and material.
Read customer blueprints and execute scope of work per the customer’s specifications.
Identify potential add-on sales to increase company revenue.
Troubleshoot, upgrade and expand existing major cellular carrier networks / sites.
Cellular Radio and Antenna Swaps, Legacy cable plant upgrades from Coaxial Cable to Fiber, Site Upgrades and Capacity Expansion.
Conduct pre and post work site audits.
Serve as a rescue climber if and when needed.
Other duties as assigned. Job Summary: We are now looking for Tower Technician II candidates in your area.  Responsible for learning and retaining new knowledge that will be obtained via a vigorous training program and mentoring program.  Candidates must be able to carefully and accurately follow safety and work instructions, organize and track their work via checklists and work procedures, and must be able and willing to climb tall structures with an average of 50 lb. load and work at altitudes of 300+ feet. Responsibilities: Position Requirements


Qualifications:
Minimum years of experience: (2 - 3 Years of Tower Climbing Experience)
Must be at least 21 years old and have a valid Driver’s License in order to drive an Ericsson company vehicle.
Must successfully complete DOT certification within 90 days of employment, and required DOT medical exam post-offer, pre-employment.
Must take and pass a pre-employment, post-offer drug test and adhere to random drug testing policy, as permitted by state and local law.
Must successfully complete and pass a pre-employment, post-offer background check, including criminal history check, employment history check, and education verification, among other things; Ericsson will consider criminal history in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state, and local laws, including the City of San Francisco and City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
Must successfully complete Ericsson’s tower training program at required level.
Must be able to travel outside home market up to 50% of the time; however, based on business requirements this duration could be extended beyond 50%.
Must be able to work outside of normal business hours (i.e., shift work), to include nights and weekends, when needed.
Must be willing to serve in an on-call rotation.
Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently without continuous supervision with the desire and ability to learn and retain new knowledge.
Must be a team player and have excellent interpersonal communication skills.
Excellent organizational and administrative skills.
Effective written and oral communication skills in the English language for safety reasons.
Ability to exercise flexibility in challenging and / or perplexing situations.
Ability to multi-task and maintain composure in stressful and demanding work environment.
Must have high level of computer proficiency, including a working knowledge of all Microsoft Office products.
Understanding of basic mechanical terms and tools.
The ability to use hand tools, power tools and industry test equipment.
Ability to learn and retain physical and mechanical installation specifications.
Must have own transportation to get to the job site if required.
Previous knowledge of networking principals, ethernet standards, power systems, cable testing, and industrial construction is a plus.
Physical Requirements:
Meet certain weight requirements post-offer, pre-employment and during employment in order to comply with OSHA regulations and equipment manufacturers’ safety standards for working at elevated heights; maximum weight to be qualified to climb upon hire is 240 pounds.
Waist circumference must not exceed 60 inches measured at the navel as specified by the manufacturer of safety equipment.
Ability to climb tall structures with an average of 50 lb. load and to work at altitudes of 300+ feet.
Ability to lift and carry materials that range in weight from 35-70 pounds 6-8 hours per work day.
Ability to connect and disconnect various sizes and types of electronic connectors
Ability to push and pull materials and equipment for extended periods of time.
Ability to stand, walk and climb for extended periods of time.
Perform repetitive movements for extended periods of time.
Ability to clearly identify specific color schemes.
Ability to drive long distances on and off road.
Ability to perform these duties in all weather conditions and climates including heat, cold, rain, etc.
Ability to work in remote and challenging locations including, but not limited to: rooftops, confined spaces, and all types of geographic locations.
Why is Ericsson a great place to work?
Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society where every person and every industry is empowered to reach their full potential.  Mobility, broadband and the cloud are transforming the world, enabling industries and society to provide better services, capture new opportunities, improve business, increase efficiency, and create new user experiences.
Our services, software and infrastructure support every major telecom operator in the world.  The transformation that this brings allows people, business and society to fulfill their potential and build a more sustainable future.
With some 105,000 employees and customers in 180 countries, we combine global scale with technology and services leadership.  We support networks that connect more than 2.5 billion subscribers.  40 percent of the world’s mobile traffic is carried over Ericsson networks.  And our SEK 100 billion investment in research and development over the last three years ensure that our solutions – and our customers – are at the forefront of innovation.
At Ericsson, we give our employees the freedom to think big.  Your ideas and innovations can turn into achievements that impact society and change the world.  Are you ready to be a change-maker?  Learn what makes YOU + Ericsson a powerful combination.  Join us today.
DISCLAIMER:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.  Therefore, employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager.
We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans.  We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information.
Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development.
Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information.
Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson, or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information.
Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice – Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Qualifications: Physical Requirements: Why is Ericsson a great place to work? Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society where every person and every industry is empowered to reach their full potential.  Mobility, broadband and the cloud are transforming the world, enabling industries and society to provide better services, capture new opportunities, improve business, increase efficiency, and create new user experiences. Our services, software and infrastructure support every major telecom operator in the world.  The transformation that this brings allows people, business and society to fulfill their potential and build a more sustainable future. With some 105,000 employees and customers in 180 countries, we combine global scale with technology and services leadership.  We support networks that connect more than 2.5 billion subscribers.  40 percent of the world’s mobile traffic is carried over Ericsson networks.  And our SEK 100 billion investment in research and development over the last three years ensure that our solutions – and our customers – are at the forefront of innovation. At Ericsson, we give our employees the freedom to think big.  Your ideas and innovations can turn into achievements that impact society and change the world.  Are you ready to be a change-maker?  Learn what makes YOU + Ericsson a powerful combination.  Join us today. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.  Therefore, employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans.  We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson, or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice – Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Crew Person

Job you are applying for: Crew Person at the following location(s): AMESBURY-MACY (02390) - AMESBURY, MA Come join our team! Hiring full and part-time. Apply in person, online, or schedule an interview by email. Scholarship program for students! Flexible schedules, career development programs. Crew members deliver superior guest service by greeting guests, taking orders, using the cash register and preparing food. Operate the drive thru and the front counter.   HALEY, CARISSA uses PeopleMatter to make the application process simple.
Talent Acquisition Specialist

Talent Operations - Talent Acquisition Boston, Massachusetts  At Wayfair, our strategic growth is directly dependent on our ability to consistently find, attract, and hire the highest caliber talent in the world.  Without top talent we’re unable to launch new initiatives and execute on big bets.  Critical to achieving success in this area is a proactive, repeatable, predictable candidate development engine that overfills funnels in those areas that seek to hire at scale. This isn’t your typical, back office, low exposure candidate development function.  With you, it will be a partnership with full life-cycle recruiters who are the best in the business at engaging with passive candidates and pitching - in less than two minutes - such a compelling story that the person on the other end of the phone begs to know more. The Way You Will Work: The Way You’ll Win: Who You Are:  Want to be the reason Wayfair wins?  Join the #DreamTeam!  Powered by Jobvite
Branch Manager Trainee (Entry Level)


CCA Athletics Coaching Positions

This site is protected by an enhanced security system to ensure a safe browsing experience. While rare, occasionally our onMessage Shield can block legitimate traffic. You are seeing this page because an action you took violated a Security Rule.

The most likely causes of this message are: K-12 onMessage SHIELD Blackbaud K-12 :: 6 Bedford Farms Dr. :: 2nd Fl, East Wing :: Bedford, NH 03110
After School Driver (part time) - ES

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes After School Driver. The After School Driver, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for providing transportation services for youth using company bus in a safe manner. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: transport youth from target schools to branch sites; effectively maintain the highest level of safety; abide by all traffic laws and driving rules; only transport youth who are approved to ride the bus; speak with school personnel; ensure safety of all youth; safety checks of the company bus; positive behavior management of youth; build relationships; and be a positive role model. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship.

This is an academic year position only. No summer hours.

Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Experience with youth (professional or volunteer)


Qualifications include:
Candidates must be able to work regular program hours. Regular program hours are afterschool and evenings during the academic year (pre-arranged schedule based on school pickup needs). This is an academic year position, there are no summer hours. Candidates should also have the positive role model; ability to be patient with youth; ability to take initiative and work with limited supervision; ability to follow instructions; ability to operate vehicle in a safe and responsible manner; knowledge of safe driving practices and methods; knowledgeable of traffic and highway safety rules, regulations, and laws; and must be dependable and punctual. Candidates must be able to pass agency background screens and drug screen at any time. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties. The position is open until filled

Pay for the position is $10.


How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d&AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keyword: drive, driver, currier, youth, kids, education, social work, part time, part-time, van driver, transportation, sociology, social service, kinesiology.
Medical Assistant II

  We’re a Little Different  Our mission is clear. We bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.  We don’t believe in jobs at Mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart.  At Mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. We’re a team and love working that way. That team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow.  Assists with all aspects of patient care as directed by office manager, nurses and physicians. Has previous experience as medical assistant and demonstrates proficiency. Ensures appropriate communication and documentation in Epic. Assists with general clerical duties as needed. Performs duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with our mission, values, and Mercy Service Standards.    Because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at Mercy. That’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications:   We’ll Support You at Work and Home  Our foundations are built on dignity and respect. Modern Healthcare Magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” We go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. We offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, PTO, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. We’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills.  What Makes a Good Match for Mercy  Compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. Having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. We’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. If that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Part Time Retail Inventory Associate

        
PT/FT Security Officer for a Manufacturing Company

Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America’s leading security services provider. Allied Universal, North America’s leading security services provider, is experiencing tremendous growth. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental, vision, flex spending, 401K, an anniversary bonus, and an on-the-spot recognition program.  We promote from within our company! You can start with little, to no, security experience and become one of Allied Universal’s many success stories. Apply to join the LARGEST SECURITY COMPANY in the United States! Allied Universal Services is currently searching for a Professional Security Officer. The Professional Security Officer is the heart of Allied Universal Services. Our officers allow us to accomplish our company’s core purpose which is “to serve, secure and care for the people and businesses in our communities”. The Professional Security Officer is responsible for the safety and security of the facilities they protect. Our security officers act as a visible deterrent to crime and client rule infractions; they detect and report suspicious, unsafe or criminal acts at or near their assigned posts which may be a threat to the property, clients, guests or employees at the site. Although essential activities may differ based on the facility at which they work, below are some of the standards:  Physical and Mental Functions:  Qualifications/Requirements: Qualified applicants for the Professional Security Officer position will meet the minimum requirements, as described below: Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America’s leading security services provider. With over 150,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information:  www.AUS.com or http://www.aus.com/offices to contact your local office.  We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability  Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. SAJ *CB-MW Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Locator

Plans, directs, and coordinates activities concerned with locating and marking underground utilities by performing the following duties. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE High school diploma or GED equivalent.  Addition technical training or experience is a plus.  Incumbent must possess a valid driver’s license. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read, analyze, and interpret engineering and construction drawings and specifications, common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and other documents.  Communicates effectively in both oral and written English technical language, both in interpreting requirements and providing reports. REASONING ABILITY Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.  Ability to interpret a variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. PHYSICAL DEMANDS While performing the duties of this job, the incumbent is regularly required to sit; use hand and fingers, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear.  The incumbent is required to walk daily on construction sites in rough terrain, and climb ladders and facilities under construction.  The incumbent is occasionally required to stand for long periods of time.  The incumbent may be required to lift and/or move up to 10 lbs.  And occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 or 100 lbs.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. WORK ENVIRONMENT While performing the duties of this job, the incumbent regularly splits time between work in a semi-quiet construction office environment and on construction sites, where there is moderate to occasional great noise levels.  Some travel may be required. Why work for G4S Secure Integration? G4S Secure Integration is a systems integrator that brings innovative, flexible and cost efficient thinking to the design, construction and maintenance of stand-alone or integrated communication networks and electronic security systems.  For over two decades, we have offered commercial, industrial and governmental clients an efficient single point of contact for all their project issues. A trusted partner to customers and suppliers around the world, G4S Secure Integration takes great pride in delivering outstanding technology, superior customer service and a great return on investment. G4S Secure Integration has deployed over 2 million fiber miles in more than 200 metropolitan and rural areas and completed over 1,500 large-scale, electronic security systems projects in the United States, Europe, Asia, Central America, and the Middle East. Headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, G4S Secure Integration is managed by executives from the telecommunications, construction and security industries.  For more information, visit the company’s website at www.g4s.us or call (866) 221-5641. We offer an attractive, competitive compensation plan, an outstanding comprehensive benefits package, and significant opportunity for professional growth and advancement in the rapidly expanding security/telecommunications industry.  We strongly encourage inquiries from qualified women and minority candidates.  While interest from all applicants for employment with G4S Secure Integration is genuinely appreciated, we can respond only to those candidates with qualifications closest to the job requirements.  For confidential consideration, please visit http://technologycareers.g4s.com/  and apply on-line.  No phone calls please. Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity VEVRAA Federal Contractor Terms & Conditions   Privacy Policy   Cookie policy G4S copyright 2018 
Billing Specialist

Option Care is a healthcare services company that at its core delivers high quality, cost effective infusion services through trusted partnerships across the healthcare system, resulting in outcomes that make a positive difference in people’s lives.  Job Description Summary: Job Description: Job Responsibilities: Supervisory Responsibilities: None Basic Education and/or Experience Requirements:  High School Diploma/ GED. Basic Qualifications & Interests: Preferred Qualifications & Interests: Previous Infusion Reimbursement or Intake/Admissions experience. This job description is to be used as a guide for accomplishing Company and department objectives, and only covers the primary functions and responsibilities of the position. It is in no way to be construed as an all-encompassing list of duties. Option Care subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity, making employment available without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status according to the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, or genetic information.  Posted: Dec 15, 2017 Option Care subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity, making employment available without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status according to the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, or genetic information.


E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Start typing and press Enter to search To speak with an Infusion Services representative, call 1-866-827-8203 between 8 a.m. - 9 p.m. Central Time Required* Please provide your email address to receive information and updates from Option Care.* Submit
P/T Client Service Representative

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. P/T Client Service Representative  VCA Alton Road Animal Hospital is seeking an experienced P/T Client Service Representative to join our multi-doctor small animal practice in Miami Beach, Florida. At VCA Animal Hospitals, we take our mission statement – your pet’s health is our top priority and excellent service is our goal – very seriously. With every opportunity, we aim to exceed each pet owner’s expectations. We’re looking for a personable yet highly professional “service extraordinaire” to join us in delivering our mission to our clients and their pets.  Job Description As the face of VCA, the Client Service Representative sets the tone for the practice as we build and maintain each customer's trust and confidence in our abilities. The CSR combines customer service with sales skills to develop the relationships we have with our clients, as well as positively impact our business.  Skills and Qualifications VCA's Client Service Representatives come from a wide variety of professional backgrounds: careers in medical & healthcare fields, retail, hospitality, restaurant service, sales, management, administrative assisting, and call centers. Yet they all share a common passion….the satisfaction that comes from providing an outstanding client experience. The successful CSR candidate will share VCA's commitment to delivering the highest quality patient care with exceptional client service. He/she will bring a positive attitude, a service orientation, and high energy along with:  Duties and Responsibilities The Client Service Representative plays a key role in the hospital's success, as his/her immediate interaction with customers impacts revenue, repeat visits, and satisfaction. While this position does not have any clinical duties, the CSR will work hand-in-hand with Veterinarians, Veterinary Technicians, Hospital Managers, Regional Directors, and Kennel teams. The CSR is the pivot around which the hospital operates and is responsible for:  Benefits We offer competitive compensation and great benefits, including 401(k), generous personal pet care discounts, and more!   If interested in this opportunity, please click the “Apply” link below.  If you think this would be an ideal opportunity for someone you know, click “Share.”        
Facility Maintenance


Sales Agent - Entry Level / Full Time *Weekly Bonuses

medical Sales Agent - Entry Level / Full Time *Weekly Bonuses* Entry Level - Sales - Marketing - Training Provided! 818 Global Inc is on the up and up and looking for highly energetic and FUN people to join the team! We're currently hiring for an Entry Level Sales Agent that will specialize in customer acquisitions, retention, sales & marketing presentations, and team building. If you are looking for a supportive team environment AND want some opportunity for growth then apply with us today as we are looking to fill these positions ASAP. Minimum qualifications Preferred qualifications You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Service Dispatcher


Computer Technician


RAC - East Economy Lot - RAC Driver

Bags, Inc. is expanding its Phoenix, AZ operation and is actively searching for the right people to work in a friendly, fast-paced environment.  The Remote Airline Check-In Driver will work multiple locations at busy Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and assist by tagging, scanning, loading and driving guests checked in luggage from off-site locations to curbside induction points. This is a physically demanding job, requires on-the-job security training and ability to receive all applicable airport badges.

Shifts available: Monday - Sunday: 3:30AM - 6:30PM  Qualifications:   Appearance Guidelines:  Women  Men
Telecommunications Analyst

Information Technology Vienna, Virginia  Horizon Industries Limited (HIL) is a dynamic IT and Management Consulting firm based in the Washington, DC area. We are currently seeking a Telecommunication Analyst for a full-time position remotely supporting the Defense Logistics Agency. Job Description: Provides telecommunications analysis experience involving identification and analysis of alternative designs, and acquisition support involving telecommunications systems and/or services. Analyzes, designs, and develops telecommunications solutions and applications for business practices. Specialized experience may also include call center design and implementation, and assessing telecommunications and IT systems for call center operations. Understands government business practices and identify telecommunications support requirements. Identifies potential problems and solutions through analysis identifying recommended solutions. Incumbent must be able to work with functional specialists, automation specialists, contractors, and customers to effectively automate the customer’s requirements into an automated application. Acts as a focal point for coordinating all disciplines in the recommended solution. Must be able to define state-of-the-art telecommunications alternatives for call centers that will effectively automate customer service operations in government business environments.  Required Skills / Experience: Education: High school or equivalent Location: Remote Horizon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and it is our policy to consider all applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, alienage, ancestry, citizenship status, or any other factors prohibited by law. Horizon will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Horizon’s legal duty to furnish information. EOE M/F/D/V  
Collection Management Officer Job

Please enable JavaScript to subscribe. Date: Dec 20, 2017 Location: Mclean, VA, US Company: SAIC Nearest Major Market: Washington DC
Job Segment: Manager, Engineer, Accounts Receivable, Collections, Systems Engineer, Management, Engineering, Finance If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access saic.com/career as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, please click here. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Join us on
Valet Attendant (Jupiter)

  POSITION OVERVIEW:
The Valet Attendant ensures the safe and efficient parking of guest vehicles while delivering service that exceeds our customer/client’s expectations. The Valet Attendant is responsible for responding quickly to customers’ requests and providing caring interactions with all guests at their assigned location. The Valet Attendant works closely with fellow team members, Operations Manager, and/or Shift Supervisor to ensure that quality and safety standards are met at all times as well as adhering to state and local laws. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:
- At least 18 years of age
- Valid Driver’s License
- Ability to operate manual transmission vehicles (stick shift)
- Excellent customer service and communication skills
- Ability to verbally communicate with guests
- Previous valet experience, preferred PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions: - Operate guest vehicles requiring normal coordination, including eye-hand, hand-foot
- Move from valet stand to customer cars by walking or running for extended periods of time, sometimes for entire duration of shift
- Occasionally lift and carry customer luggage or personal items, up to 50 lbs. WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is performed outdoors for extended periods of time including up to the entire duration of shift. Employees are subject to environmental conditions including extreme heat and cold weather. Protection from weather conditions may be provided, but not necessarily from temperature changes. PRINCIPAL DUTIES (ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS):
Employee must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. 1. Meet and greet all guests upon arrival; open guest vehicle doors, assist with unloading vehicle when necessary.
2. Retrieve keys from guest; issue ticket to guest, or enter customer information using electronic device.
3. Park guest car in appropriate space, ensure safe and appropriate operation of guest vehicles.
4. Inspect vehicle for preexisting damage record information using electronic device or manual ticket; correctly record the make, model and exact location of each vehicle.
5. Quickly retrieve vehicles for waiting guests; assist guests with loading luggage or personal items when necessary.
6. Provide excellent customer service to guests; respond to guest inquiries in a courteous manner, give directions to nearest highway, destination, etc.
7. Direct traffic, position barricades, and arrange for towing service when necessary.
8. Immediately report any incidents or claims to Operations Manager or Shift Lead.
9. Request and collect relevant fees for use of service.
10. Assist in reconciling end of shift revenue against the ticket distribution, when necessary.
11. Communicate professionally at all times with guests, client, and teammates. OTHER DUTIES:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain an all-inclusive list of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Choose: Please Answer ALL Questions Below Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Cage Cashier

You can fine tune your job search by using specific keywords in the Keyword Search. If these keywords are in any part of a job, the search will return those jobs. Example keywords: marketing, business administration
These words will result in job descriptions that include either marketing or business administration or both. Example: Business Administration
These words together result in job descriptions that include both words in the order you type them in. Example: Business Administration and marketing and entry level
These words result in job descriptions that include all of these words.  Summary: Conducts cashiering functions for casino guests in accordance with established standards and controls.

Guest Service Expectation: Essential Job Functions:  Qualifications: Physical and Mental Demands: Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER ©2016 SugarHouse HSP Gaming, L.P. All Rights Reserved. If you need reasonable accommodation to complete the on-line application, please contact the Human Resources Department. ©2018 Symphony Talent. All Rights Reserved. PRIVACY POLICY Powered by Symphony Talent
Quality Assurance Analyst (temp)

ABOUT Bottle Rocket: Bottle Rocket is an award-winning Dallas-based mobile strategy, design, and development company leading top brands like NBCUniversal, Coca-Cola, Starwood Hotels & Resorts, PetSmart, and Mary Kay through mobile innovation. Since 2008, we have developed over 180 (and counting) iPhone, iPad, and Android applications, as well as building experiences for streaming devices, wearables, VR headsets, and connected TV. To us, mobile and innovative technology is more than enhancements in our daily lives. They are game-changing platforms uniting information, entertainment, and enterprise solutions. As a part of WPP, the world’s largest advertising and marketing services company made up of 150 different companies around the world including companies like Ogilvy & Mather, Young & Rubicam, JWT, Grey, Wunderman, and AKQA, we have the horsepower to expand not only in the industry, but across the world. ABOUT working for Bottle Rocket: Bottle Rocket is a rapidly growing mobile development company at the forefront of app revolution. Our team is comprised of mature, self-motivated professionals who bring passion to their craft. We do what it takes to get the job done, but never stop trying to improve ourselves and our services.  By day, we sweat the details and build awesome mobile experiences – and our passion doesn’t end there. After hours, we’re those people standing in line for the latest games and technology. Bottle Rocket does not only exceed standards – we set news ones (and have fun while doing it). We take pride in our employees and their future. We have repeatedly been named the Dallas Business Journal's Best Places to Work, The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Places to Work, and the Inc. 500. Our work has won an unprecedented number of Apple Hall of Fame awards. We have even been featured on Forbes America’s Most Promising Companies List. And our Founder and CEO was named Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year for our region. Bottle Rocket will never stop pushing the limits of mobile design, information architecture, and capabilities of the platforms we embrace. We love embracing the impossible in game development, TV Everywhere, enterprise, commerce, publishing, and more. With tens of millions of users interacting with our work every day, Bottle Rocket’s future promises continued growth of both our capacity and capabilities in all areas of our business. We focus on tough problems, improving our work, and creating project plans to release the next award-winning app. If you are passionate about what you do and having fun while doing it, Bottle Rocket may be the place for you. For more information about our craft, visit bottlerocketstudios.com. ABOUT this position: As a QA or Software Tester you will be expected to thrive in an extremely fast-paced environment with constantly changing priorities. You will work on several projects at the same time, ensuring that the applications we ship are of the highest quality. This is an important, demanding and highly visible role. You will be working very closely with the developers and the project managers on any issues that might arise. This position requires an extremely organized, efficient and effective individual who feels a real sense of ownership of each project. If you are interested in more than just a 9–to–5 job, are excited by working with a team of committed individuals, and want to make a difference in a young organization, then this is the place for you! This position is not about years of experience, industry background, or academics. It is about building great products, building great teams, and being excited about going to work every day! We offer competitive salaries and have a full range of benefits including medical, dental and vision. We are a successful business and one of the most experienced app developers in the market. Come join us! Responsibilities
: Requirements
: Bonus Points
:
Graduate Business Analyst

You don't have permission to access /careers/ on this server. Additionally, a 500 Internal Server Error error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.
Pharmacy Procurement Associate


Legal Assistant/Paralegal

We are a busy and growing plaintiff's employment litigation firm seeking a Paralegal to become a part of our team. You will be working alongside our attorneys and dealing directly with our clients. Must be hard working, self-starter. Spanish speaking is a plus. We are looking to hire immediately. Qualifications -Prior litigation experience; preferably in the employment sector -Familiarity with legal research -Ability to prioritize and multitask -Excellent written and verbal communication skills -Deadline and detail-oriented-Professionalism Responsibilities -Conduct research to support legal proceedings -Assist with the drafting and reviewing of legal documents -Drafting discovery, demands, and complaints -Record and store client information -Interface directly with clients Compensation Commensurate with experience. In replying to this posting, please submit your resume, salary expectations, and a brief statement regarding why you are the right person for this position. Job Type: Full-time Required education: Required experience: Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Pairavi Law, P.C.. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Medical assistant with front office experience also for GYN

Job Summary Assist with GYN patients in room, draw blood we will train. Also answer phones book pt appointments. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Stephen Welden MD PA. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Open Interviews - Monterey, CA

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Location: 036 - In-Shape: Monterey Address: 2370 Fremont Street Monterey, California 93940 Position Type: Variable WORK WHERE YOU LOVE TO WORK OUT! In-Shape Health Clubs is hosting a hiring event on
Jan 17th from 10:00am-2:00pm at the In Shape Health Club located at: 2370 Fremont St.
Monterey, CA 93940 Interviews will be held for the current job openings in Monterey, CA. Please bring a resume and be prepared to interview. Employee Benefits: 
Monitor Tech - PCU


Social Media Specialist

All jobs → Social Media Specialist New Hyde Park, New York, United States Seeking an experienced, proactive B2B Social Media Specialist to join our dynamic marketing team for a full-time, onsite position in Lake Success, NY.  You: are the right candidate to join our growing team if you possess the experience to help our clients engage and grow their social media communities in-line with company and marketing/brand goals, build awareness and loyalty, be creative, and bring notable value to followers. You'll be responsible for managing content, communities, and engagement on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Google Plus and more depending upon the client. You will also be managing client blogs and editorial calendars.  We: are a web/application development & integrated marketing agency looking for a creative, conversion-savvy Social Media specialist with strong communication and organization skills. We work primarily with B2B clients across the country and are known for our growth-driven approach to performance. We dive deep, test everything, deliver value in droves — and have fun doing what we love!  This job is writing intensive and will require you to be very organized. We work with a variety of clients, including many in the industrial sector.  Please include a cover letter and salary requirements with your resume. This is a full-time position based in Lake Success, Long Island. 
Custodian 4-swing-HW 3.0

Username: Password: Enter your email to receive job alerts when new jobs like this one are posted. Job Grade 108, 3.0 hr/day (Swing)   ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . Other duties may be assigned. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: Any combination of experience and training that would likely provide the required knowledge and skill is qualifying.  A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and skill could be: One year of experience in skilled custodial work. High School diploma or GED The content you submit, offer, contribute, attach, post, or display (each a “Submission”) will viewed by other users of the service who may or may not be accurately representing who they are or who they represent. Do not include any sensitive data in your submissions. Any submission or any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the service or obtained by you through the use of the service is at your own risk. “Sensitive data” for purposes of this section means social security or other government-issued identification numbers, medical or health information, account security information, individual financial account information, credit/debit/gift or other payment card information, account passwords, individual credit and income information or any other sensitive personal data as defined under applicable laws. © 2015 PeopleAdmin, Inc.
Machine Operator-San Antonio, Texas

U.S. Pipe Fabrication is the largest independent ductile iron pipe fabricator in the United States. Since our beginning in 1991, it has been our mission to provide the finest fabricated products along with excellent local service across the United States. U.S. Pipe Fabrication has revolutionized the ductile iron pipe fabrication business. We are currently seeking a machine operator for our San Antonio facility. Responsible for measuring, threading adjusting flange fit, and facing the flange on a piece of pipe.  Work also includes operation of the machine and a crane to move pipe in and out of machine. Measures pipe to fabricate pipe proper length. Places pipe in machine, center the pipe and tighten for work.  After the pipe is in place, the operator will machine a taper into the pipe, and then machine the threads into the pipe.  During this process, the machine operator is responsible for verifying measurements, and thread depth using a micrometer. After the threads are cut the operator tests the flange to make sure it screws onto the pipe properly.  Adjustments are made to the threads if an issue occurs. Applies glue on pipe and flange and use the machine to tighten the flange onto the pipe. Runs the cutting tool across the surface of the face of the flange to flush fit the flange onto the pipe. May assist with shipping, receiving, painting or other duties as needed. Scope Data/Working Conditions/Physical Demands: Since this is a heavy industrial environment there will be exposure to Fabrication Shop operations.  The employee will be exposed from time to time to the following working conditions:  Extreme Heat and Cold, Noise, Vibration, Oils, and Atmospheric Conditions such as Dust, Fumes. Skills, Knowledge, Abilities and Traits:  High School diploma or GED is required.  Technical school or training is a plus.  Must have at least one to three years of previous fabrication or manufacturing assembly or production work experience in a fast paced manufacturing or fabrication environment.  Previous machine operator, painting, and operating forklift and/or heavy equipment are desired. Must be able to work overtime as required. Previous machine operator and operating forklift and/or heavy equipment are desired. Must be able to work overtime as desired.
Call Center - Customer Service Tech Support

Rising Star Resource Development Corporation (Rising Star) is a private non-profit incorporated 501c3, Community Rehabilitation Program (CRP). We are a supportive employer providing rehabilitation services to persons with disabilities, individuals with barriers to employment due to their life circumstances, and Our Veterans through local, state, federal government and commercial contract services. We are also a provider of temporary staffing services we have certifications from Texas Industries of the Blind and Handicap (TIBH) as well as Source America Ability One Federal Programs. We are supporting one of the leading call center outsourcers in North America and specializes in providing superior customer care solutions to Fortune 1000 companies. Our services include contact management, interactive voice response, web-based support, and many others. We deliver the brand promise of our clients by working with them to understand and apply the knowledge, behaviors, and values at the core of their success. We position our clients for success by delivering inbound contact center services that allow them to focus on their core business while maximizing profit.

Background, Veteran, and Disabled Friendly!
Essential Functions:Troubleshoot via chat, email and phone customer problems with computer hardware and software issues as well as client specific equipment and applications by performing the following duties. High School Diploma or GED Equivalent -Equal Opportunity Employer This job reports to the Management This is a Full-Time position 1st Shift, 2nd Shift. Number of Openings for this position: 100
BRX Performance Specialist

Milwaukee Wi, Full time BRX Performance is an industry leading Sports Performance Center in the Great Milwaukee Area. Where many fitness facilities survive off of Independent Contractors BRX is a place that welcomes a team approach with a fun and exciting environment. Our staff works as a team to design the best program for each athlete that walks through our doors. Whether that be a professional athlete or an adult looking to get or stay in shape. Our innovate assessment based approach allows us to design a program for any and all skill levels. We are looking for coaches who can bring innovation ideas to help us continue to grow and become world recognized strength and conditioning facilities. BRX Performance Specialist – Works with athletes as young as age 11, professional athletes to the adult population. We use a personalized research-based coaching and technical instruction of proper movement during physical exercise. These techniques are done to a standard in which you will be trained to coach. We are looking for those who can help further the knowledge we have by bringing new ideas to work with passion and excitement. Specialists are expected to verbally and physically demonstrate functional movements with a positive attitude, which impacts athletes physical well-being while encouraging them to develop a passion and enthusiasm for the weight room. BRX specialists are expected to set a culture that energizes all athletes, requiring them to go above and beyond during all engagements with those who step into a BRX facility. Those who are honest, smart, kind, consciousness and committed to excellence need apply. Requirements All of the follow are preferred but not required: Expectations/Responsibilities Job Type: Full-time Salary: $10.00 to $18.00 /hour Required education: Required experience: Powered by
Building Janitor


Delivery Driver Trainee

          
Intern/Co-op UI Designer - Current Students (Summer 2018)

Students: New Grads & Interns San Francisco, California  Zynga is looking for User Experience Design Interns!

To be eligible for this internship you must be a currently enrolled student who is graduating in the next 1-2 years with a bachelor’s, master’s degree or PhD degree.

The UI/UX Design Intern will work closely with Producers, Product Managers, and Engineers to help design, mock and implement feature UI and UX flows. Responsibilities: What we look for: How to Apply: The Perks of Being an Intern at Zynga:  Powered by Jobvite
Graphic Designer / Production Specialist


Forensic Clinician/Case Manager Seattle, WA *** $1,500 Sign...


ETL Tester

Skill Requirement - 1-3 yrs of ETL Testing Experience using "TALEND" Data Integration tool - Strong ETL testing best practices experiences. Well versed with the Data flow and Test Strategy for ETL Testing. - Experience in databases such as Oracle/ SQL / Teradata / DB2. Hands on writing, executing, verifying results of SQL - Knowledge of Unix/Linux commands/scripts, scheduling jobs. - Experience on creating Test cases and Test plan - Working knowledge of test management tool like ALM, QC etc is a must - Knowledge of STLC and various Testing phases - Functional Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing & End to End testing. Responsibilities: - Design, develop and monitor and maintain data quality assurance processes that transfer data to and from internal and external sources and ensure data integrity as data flows into systems and data warehouse - Testing Database Application to validate source to destination data movement and transformation. (Mainframe Extracts, Oracle tables & UNIX flat files) - Understand the Test requirements and design test cases - Analyzing and evaluating data sources, data volume, and business rules. - Assist with Test Estimation & Test Planning - Design and development of Reports and dashboards. Must Have - ETL testing using TALEND tool - Manual ETL/DWH testing skills - Good Understanding of traditional RDBMS systems like SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, etc. - Unix Shell scripting experience - Excellent communication skills - Excellent problem solving, debugging, performance tuning skills Good to have - Development experience with TALEND studio or Abinitio or Informatica - Designed and developed TALEND ETL processes using TALEND data integration and data quality tools - Experience in Test Automation - Knowledge of Retail Banking Domain - Experience in Design and Developing Source-to-Target mappings within the TALEND ETL tool working with Business Stakeholders - Proficient in Linux/Unix /Windows shell scripting Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $80,000.00 /year Alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:
Supply Chain Manager

Date: Jan 9, 2018 Location: Rochester Hills, MI, US, 48309 Company: Timken Your Career Begins at Timken
If you're ready for a challenging career that provides you with the ability to advance personally and professionally, look to Timken.  Our associates make the world more productive by improving the efficiency and reliability of the machinery that keeps industry in motion. PURPOSE: Provide strong vision, leadership and management to support global sales for Torsion Control Products through all facets of incoming and outgoing supply chain. Provide strong leadership and management to support operations in the area of the manufacturing process including production planning & scheduling, supply chain, logistics, purchasing, and inventory control. The position will implement and run SI&OP processes for Torsion Control and requires the skill and knowledge to bridge across all.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  TECHNICAL & FUNCTIONAL SKILLS:  •             Leading and coaching skills, especially development and effective delegation •             Comprehensive supply chain experience (quality, commercial, and delivery) •             Comprehensive inventory management experience across global locations •             Knowledge/experience w/supplier systems, manufacturing, and customer systems •             Demonstrated skills in scheduling, planning and systems level problem solving •             Excellent PC & analytical skills •             Systemic thinking and process-oriented problem solving approach. •             Strong knowledge of SAP is required •             Strong independent thinking and ability to challenge and modify standard processes to suit new and different businesses supply chain(s) within existing global infrastructure •             Manufacturing/operations management experience preferred  BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
: Minimum:
Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Business Administration AND 8 years of experience Preferred:
Master’s Degree in Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Business Administration AND 6 years of experience All qualified applicants shall be treated equally according to their individual qualifications, abilities, experiences and other employment standards. There will be no discrimination due to gender or gender identity, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran/military status or any other basis protected by applicable law. Nearest Major Market: Detroit
Job Segment: Supply Chain Manager, Supply Chain, Supply, Engineer, ERP, Operations, Engineering, Technology We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Create a new account now! Create
IT Solution Delivery Manager - Retail Banking

Display the page in french The bank for a changing world Click to display the search engine  All news stories Global Goals Climate Actions Our events Dream Up Climate Initiative Think you have what it takes?
Apply to work with us! Contract type Country Careers BNP Paribas group Click to display the search engine Full-time United States-California-San Ramon Technology 032443 Share Tools What sets Bank of the West apart from other banks is our team members–they embody the optimistic spirit of the West. There is a spirit here that drives us to do more. Our team of more than 10,000 employees is vital to the success of our Bank. They reflect our modern western values—straightforward, entrepreneurial and optimistic. We seek to create a corporate culture that fosters and rewards excellence, encourages creative thinking and respects diversity – an environment where team members are engaged, supportive of one another and enthusiastic about serving our customers. Bank of the West offers the stability of a company that has a 135 year history and is part of BNP Paribas, a European leader in global banking and financial services and one of the 6 strongest banks in the world. We offer opportunities across our diverse business lines – Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, National Finance, and Wealth Management.  Job Description Summary This position is responsible for providing technical leadership for Smarter Pay or other PRB approved Transveral projects. This role is instrumental in managing and executing vendor technology solutions and other internally-developed software components. Essential Job Functions 1.  Develops and prepares budgets, project plans including scheduling, costs, resources, and other operational concerns. 2.  Analyzes business systems specifications. 3.  Defines and documents product requirements, project deliverables, and product acceptance criteria. 4.   Interfaces with clients in identifying needs. 5.   Develops feasibility studies and business proposals for hardware/software solutions. 6.  Plans business and related technical training for new technologies and processes. 7.  Advises and directs staff on resolving production and testing problems. 8.  Manages and administers projects and service requests. 9.  Advises management on these matters. 10.Ensures adherence to Bank and information systems policies and procedures, security measures, and audit standards. 11.Supervises installation of vendor solutions and maintenance. 12.Instructs personnel and verifies the quality of performance. 13.Anticipates operational/techincal needs and develops plans to ensure system/user's needs are met. *LI-IB1 Qualifications ·    Bachelor’s Degree - Required   Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law.   Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran.  Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations. Share this offer! Tools Sr Compliance Testing Officer Global Markets Lab Machine Learning Expert BE-BRU-Bruxelles United States-Arizona-Phoenix United States-Arizona-Phoenix BNP Paribas is a leading bank in the eurozone and a prominent international banking institution Cotation BNP Paribas at a glance Publications Our Brands Follow us on The bank for a changing world BNP Paribas uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. By using our site, you accept our cookie policy
Custodial Worker

An official website of the United States government 01/14/2018 to 12/28/2018 $9.70 to $10.46 per hour NA 2 Full-Time Permanent No U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S., and excepted service employees. NENAFSG1810117534 488676100 It is the applicant's responsibility to read all sections and associated links in this vacancy announcement.

Shades of Green Resort - Serving Those Who Serve Shades of Green Resort is dedicated to enhancing readiness and morale of the combined Armed Forces by providing affordable, first-class accommodations in a premier setting combined with friendly and enthusiastic service in an environment revolving around respect, dignity and teamwork for those who have served or continue to serve our great nation.

Located at Lake Buena Vista on Walt Disney World property

This position is open to the following candidates: MAJOR DUTIES:
Cleans rooms, corridors, stairways, and other areas. Sweeps, mops, vacuums, dusts, scrubs, washes and polishes fixtures and furniture, walls, lanai glass and doors, equipment and furnishings in assigned guest rooms and other areas using a variety of cleaning solutions, chemicals, and cleaning equipment and supplies. Makes beds and changes out bed spreads, blankets, and linens. Add extra pillows as required. Cleans headboard, headboard light, door trim stains and marks. Cleans the louvers closet door. Cleans, disinfects and deodorizes bathrooms. Changes out and refolds towels. Remove stains from basins and toilets. Remove mildew from tub and shower. Clean toilet edges. Clean shower head Clean coffee maker. Cleans lanai railing and the lanai track for sliding door. Wipes bird matter from lanai and lanai furniture.

Replaces missing items in guest room. Empties trash and restocks room condiments and supplies. Clean refreshment cabinet. Maintains cart of supplies. Fills amenities utility. Ensures rooms are locked after cleaning and released for guest use if acceptable. Treats guests courteously and professionally. Notifies supervisors of matters requiring immediate attention. Cleans utility, laundry and vending rooms. Performs special project cleaning. Completes special and rush assignments requiring immediate attention. Follows all prescribed procedures to include those pertaining to safety and the reporting of items needing engineering repair or maintenance.

Performs other duties as assigned.

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
Must have the ability to follow instructions and read signs. Must have a basic knowledge of common cleaning solvents, cleaning tools, and equipment. Must know the proper uses of a variety of special cleaning and sanitizing solutions, and must be able to remove different kinds of stains from a wide variety of surfaces. Must be able to troubleshoot, make adjustments, and perform minor repair and maintenance of equipment.

RESPONSIBILITY:
Supervisor or leader assigns tasks and incumbent is responsible for accomplishment of assigned work in accordance with local standard and departmental operating procedures. Work is reviewed in progress and upon completion for productivity, production, quality, appearance, and overall guest satisfaction.

PHYSICAL EFFORTS:
Required standing and walking on hard and carpeted surfaces with some bending, lifting, carrying, pushing and pulling of items. The wheeled utility cart can weigh up to 269 pounds.

WORKING CONDITIONS:
Works is usually performed indoors in areas that have adequate heat, light, and ventilation. Exposed to dirt and disagreeable odors, and to skin irritations from strong cleaning solutions. Care is required to avoid serious injury when working on ladders to clean hard to reach places and when moving furniture or using powered equipment. Not required No Questions? This job is open to 1 group. 3566 Custodial Working Conditions of Employment

Appointee is subject to completion of a favorable suitability determination Tier 1 investigation.
If selected, a completed and signed copy of our job application (DA Form 3433) is required prior to entrance on duty. (Click here to view the form).   You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your experience is subject to evaluation and verification against the information in your resume. The numeric rating you receive is a self-assessment only and is based on your responses to the questionnaire. Do not overstate or understate your level of experience and capability. If a determination is made that you rated yourself higher than is supported by your resume, or if your resume lacks sufficient information, you will be rated accordingly or you may be considered ineligible.

This is an open continuous vacancy. Your application will remain active for 60 days or upon declination of the position identified in this vacancy (whichever occurs first). Applicants will be referred as vacancies occur. Hiring preferences and priority considerations will be applied in accordance with Federal Law and applicable regulations.  Not Applicable The following documents must be submitted with your application: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.  Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. You may submit your application packet using one of the two methods identified below: (407) 824-3190 soghr@shadesofgreen.org  Referred applicants may be evaluated by a rating panel to determine the quality and extent of total accomplishments, experience, education, and/or certification. The top candidates will be forwarded to the hiring official for selection consideration and may undergo an interview and reference checks. The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits. Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:  You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis. Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency. This job originated on www.usajobs.gov. For the full announcement and to apply, visit www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/488676100. Only resumes submitted according to the instructions on the job announcement listed at www.usajobs.gov will be considered.  Learn more about  (407) 824-3190 soghr@shadesofgreen.org  Learn more about what it's like to work at HQDA Field Operating Agencies and Staff Support Agencies, what the agency does, and about the types of careers this agency offers. http://www.shadesofgreen.org/ Your USAJOBS session will expire due to inactivity in three minutes. Any unsaved data will be lost if you allow the session to expire. Click the button below to continue your session. USAJOBS is a United States Office of Personnel Management website.
VP Sales

The VP of Sales will help further accelerate the company's growth by regularly meeting and exceeding clearly defined sales objectives. This role will focus on originating new business in chronic care and medication management opportunities. The right candidate for this position will be a results-driven individual who can use a consultative sales strategy to effectively understand our customer’s needs, communicate the value of our services and continuously close new business. This individual must be comfortable with all new business development activities associated with maintaining a consistent pipeline of new prospects. Responsibilities and Duties Plan, lead and generate business development activities across the United States. Develop and execute a strategic sales plan to meet and exceed sales objectives. Develop, implement and execute a sales strategy for the sales team that results in meeting and exceeding revenue objectives. Develop strong understanding of our value proposition in order to effectively answer prospect / customer questions about our products and services. Prepare and present sales proposals to prospective customers. Prospect and convert leads into profitable business relationships. Negotiate and close contracts with new clients. Provide leadership team with customer insight in order to facilitate ideas on how to continuously improve product offerings and market strategies. Qualifications and Skills Bachelor’s degree required, MBA a plus. 7-10 years of outside and B2B sales experience required. 5 years of proven experience leading a sales prospecting team and ability to coach and mentor a remote sales organization. Previous healthcare experience Proven leadership and the ability to drive sales Benefits Founder's equity Sales commission Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission Salary: $80,000.00 to $130,000.00 /year Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to PharmDl. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Processor - DH/ASI

WSI processes several species of seafood including Pollock, Crab, Pacific Cod, Halibut and Sablefish. Production employees process raw product that is delivered from fishing vessels to sell to customers. Processors can be assigned to various positions within the production department including, but not limited to, butchering, sorting, filleting, and case-up. Processors are also required to participate in plant clean-up, and other duties as assigned. This position requires the candidate have the ability to perform the physical requirements including; standing in place for long periods of time; repetitive motions using hands, arms, legs and back; regularly lift and move 50 lbs; frequent rotations and twisting at waist; frequent climbing and descending of stairs; working long hours in cold/wet environments (12+ hours per day, 7 days a week); and prompt and regular attendance. All WSI employees are required to wear protective safety gear where required and are responsible for promoting and maintaining a safe working environment for self and others. WSI has a zero tolerance policy for drugs and alcohol. Starting Wage: $9.84 / Overtime $14.76 Wage Level: 1 Status: Non-Exempt Seasonal Hourly. Benefits: Transportation to/from Point of Hire, 401(k) and Medical upon eligibility. You will be charged $15 per day for room and board. This will be deducted from your paycheck. We will offer to refund 1/3 of the Room and Board deduction if an employee successfully completes their contract. This would equate to a $5.00 per day refund. Please email Recruiting@WestwardSeafoods.com if you encounter any problems with the online application process. In order to be considered for hire, applicants MUST: COMPLETE
the online application. Click on the link Apply On-line towards the bottom right of this page. Proceed through process and screens until you receive the ON-SCREEN PROMPT you have completed the application. INCOMPLETE applications CANNOT be taken into consideration toward hire. WSI will make an effort to notify you (via email) if your application is received incomplete and further action is required. Applications must be completed prior to your attendance at a Recruiting Event. BE CAREFUL
that you submit an application for the JOB and WORK LOCATION you wish to be considered for. There may be multiple positions with the same job title available to applicants. Ensure you refer to the CITY referenced in the Requisition listing. ATTEND A RECRUIT EVENT
to be interviewed in person (see below for schedules).
Your APPLICATION must be COMPLETED PRIOR to your attending the recruit event.
BE CAREFUL to submit an application for the requisition / position / location associated with the recruiting event you will be attending. Our RECRUITING dates, times and locations are listed below. Take note of the recruiting event you plan to attend as you will be asked to choose one during the application process. THERE WILL BE PRESENTATIONS AT THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS:  January 13th, 2018 at 9:00 am Best Western Marina Gateway Hotel 800 Bay Marina Dr. National City, CA 91950  January 16th, 2018 at 9:00 am Calexico One Stop Center 301 Heber Ave Calexico, CA 92231 Wild, All Natural, Sustainable and Traceable Home | Company | Species | Employment | Contact © var d = new Date(); document.write(d.getFullYear()); Westward Seafoods Inc.
Summer 2018 Land Internship

Land Acquisition Charlotte, North Carolina  The Company Mattamy Homes is the largest privately owned homebuilder in North America and is Canada's largest new home builder and land developer, with operations across Canada and the United States. From a humble beginning in 1978, starting with the building and sale of a single home, Mattamy has gone on to sell 90,000 homes in hundreds of communities across North America. In Canada, those communities stretch across the Greater Toronto Area, as well as in Ottawa, Calgary and Edmonton, while in the United States, the company is represented in nine markets market areas:  Charlotte, Phoenix, Tucson, Jacksonville, Orlando, Tampa, Sarasota, Naples and Southeast Florida. The scope of the company’s operations encompasses land acquisition, community design and development, housing and parkland design, and construction, with particular emphasis on creating communities of enduring value to homeowners. Mattamy’s Mission is to provide the Best Homeowner Experience Mattamy’s Core Values are Teamwork, Commitment, and Community At Mattamy Homes the environment is engaging, exciting, rewarding, friendly and team-oriented.  As employees of Mattamy, we truly believe in and are committed to the organization and have a passion for what we do, while continually striving to provide The Best Homeowner Experience.  Land Development The Person Education and Experience Total Rewards Work Experience We are looking for talented individuals who embody and share our core values of commitment, teamwork and community. When it comes to working at Mattamy Homes, all of us have one thing in common: we love what we do.  Come and be a part of Mattamy, be part of a major organization poised for growth! At Mattamy, we care about cultivating the talent of our dedicated employees, and we love to see them achieve their career aspirations within the organization. Here at Mattamy, we are proud to offer:  
Part-Time Stock Handler 4AM - 10AM M-F

Built on a foundation of values and trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than a million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions. As one of America’s Best Large Employers (named by Forbes magazine), we care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,000+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your families’ health, well-being, and financial future. If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC.
Client Service Representative I

925 North Point Parkway
Suite 350
Alpharetta, GA 30005 (800) 367-1500
Email 15458 North 28th Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85053 (877) 442-4140 1030 Ontario Road
Green Bay, WI 54311 (800) 236-3355 Locations in all 50 states © var d = new Date(); document.write(d.getFullYear()); CIOX Health  |  Privacy Policy
Sales Associate-The District at South Jordan

   Selling Effectiveness: Telling The Brand Story: Operational Excellence:  Qualifications  An equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment because of an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected category recognized by state, federal or local laws. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States.  Three Limited Parkway
Columbus, OH 43230
Phone: 614-415-7000
Farm assistance needed

Direct horse care, farm maintenance, equipment maintenance, opportunity to assist with equine assisted therapy program (duties negotiable depending on skills and interests of candidates). Compensation depends on experience, duties, and part or full time. A live-in option is also available. Job Type: Contract Required education: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Heritage Hill. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Project Management


HR Generalist

  The US spends $160 Billion per year on highways. Every new car model costs at least $1 Billion to develop. Yet cars spend only 5% of their time driving. Where do these cars spend the other 95%? PARKED! LAZ Parking is one of the largest operators in the growing multi-billion dollar US parking industry.  Founded in 1981, LAZ operates hundreds of thousands of parking spaces from offices all across the country. When it comes to parking, we’re the experts! Most importantly, LAZ is a PEOPLE FIRST company with a mission to “create opportunities for our employees and value for our clients”. If you’re looking to join a growing company led by passionate people committed to being the best – contact us today!   The Spirit of the Position:  The Human Resources Generalist supports the Senior HR Business Partner for the NY/NJ region in establishing and meeting professional and compliant employment practices. As a company devoted to promoting an employee-focused servant leadership culture, the HR Generalist will act as a liaison between the programs and initiatives originating from the Home Office and help to support the individual needs of our operational teams throughout the assigned markets.  Principal Job Duties: Manages all HR-related transactions and partners/consults with operations teams for continuous improvement. Responsible for understanding, interpreting, administering and mediating any and all forms of inquiry that arise relating to human resources policies, procedures and programs as well as executed Collective Bargaining Agreements. Supports payroll processing by ensuring managers sign off on hours in timely manner. Collaborates with to ensure pay data is completed and uploaded properly and works with managers to ensure proper wage and hour compliance. Facilitates and resolves policy and employee relations issues. Maintain compliance with all state and federal laws in regions, updating forms, policies, procedures as needed in coordination with the Home Office and the Senior HR Business Partner. Manage all leaves of absence, including FMLA and state disability leaves, in coordination with Operations, Home Office HR and Payroll. Responsible for employee maintenance in HRIS system including processing all status changes, terminations and labor allocations. Leverage analytics, data and reporting to identify better ways to drive results. Respond to unemployment notices. Act as a liaison to the Home Office related to employee benefits inquiries within the region. Manages workers compensation for the region, including reporting claims and adhering to company process with claims reporting and back-to-work programs. Responsible for all employee communications for the region. Responsible for union billing Assist the Talent Acquisition Specialist with recruiting, training and onboarding where necessary. Assist Operations as needed. Other related duties as assigned.  Requirements:  Education: Bachelors Degree or equivalent work experience.  Experience: 3–5 years of Human Resources experience with emphasis on payroll and compliance. Employee relations, workers compensation, and benefits experience. Knowledge of current federal, state and local laws. Working knowledge of HRIS and payroll systems. Advanced experience with Excel. Basic experience with Word, Power Point and Microsoft Office Applications.  Skills: Ability to seek improvement and create an environment of idea sharing and creative problem solving. Strong customer service skills and abilities.Ability to be approachable and facilitate coaching conversations with employees and managers. Ability to mitigate and lead others to overcome challenges (Never Ever Give Up Attitude). Ability to encourage open expression of ideas and opinions. Excellent team-building and interpersonal skills. Ability to work independently and multi-task. Ability to communicate professionally and effectively with all levels of the organization. Ability to interpret policies, procedures, and standard business practices. Demonstrates a sense of urgency and timeliness.  Physical Demands: Ability to lift, push and pull at least 10 pounds.  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with qualified disabilities to perform the essential duties/functions.  FLSA Status: Exempt  To be hired, all candidates must pass a criminal background check and pre-employment drug screen.  LAZ Parking is an equal opportunity employer. In all our employment practices, including hiring, we are firmly committed to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, genetics, Vietnam era, special disabled, recently separated and other protected veterans, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. No question in our application process is used for the process of limiting or excluding any applicant's consideration for employment on such grounds.  LAZ Parking participates in E-Verify. Choose: Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Police Officer (Experienced and Academy ...

Translation Disclaimer
Major Gift Officer

 SUMMARY: Major Gift Officers are responsible for soliciting six and seven figure gifts for the University. Participates in the planning and implementation of the university’s fundraising efforts in support of current operations, endowment and other capital purposes from all private sources. (May be located in Richmond, VA or a major metropolitan area in the Northeast.) RESPONSIBILITIES: QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: WORK HOURS: SALARY STRUCTURE:
Pay Grade 9
To see more detailed salary information please review the University of Richmond's Compensation Structure. Located minutes from downtown Richmond, Virginia, the University of Richmond (www.richmond.edu) blends the intimacy of a small college with exceptional academic, research, and cultural opportunities usually found only at large institutions. Richmond offers a unique combination of undergraduate and graduate programs. Our School of Arts & Sciences anchors Richmond as a nationally ranked liberal arts university. A ranked business school, the nation’s first school of leadership studies, a highly respected law school, a nationally recognized international education program and the community-focused School of Professional and Continuing Studies build on that strong foundation and make this university something unique. UR is committed to developing a diverse faculty, staff and student body, and to modeling an inclusive campus community which values the expression of differences in ways that promote excellence in teaching, learning, personal development and institutional success. In keeping with this commitment, our academic community welcomes candidates from diverse backgrounds and candidates who support diversity. EOE Email this Job Ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:

*Separate each recipient email address with a comma. Recipient email address(es): Your First Name: Your Last Name: Select which language the email should be sent in. 
Lab Courier / PRN Shift

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Lab Courier / PRN Shift Under the supervision of the Laboratory Outreach Services Coordinator or Shift Supervisor, performs various secretarial and clerical duties to ensure the efficient operation of the Laboratory. High school diploma or GED required. Must have a favorable MVR.
Water Treatment Technician

Serving Connecticut, Cheshire, Greenwich, Southbury Easter Water Solutions is looking for a J and/or P licensed worker with well water pump and/or water treatment experience to work as a service technician. Full time position with benefits. Must have a clean driving record. *** Please download this form, fill it out and submit along with your application.*** Job Type: Full-time
Experience: Experience Required Phone: 1-203-264-8183
Email: [email protected] our service area More Cities Or call us at 1-800-243-9326 © 2018 Eastern Water Solutions
5 Benson Road
Oxford, CT 06478 Contractor ID: HIC0547744 
Fulton - Mental Health Technician

Full time employees receive a generous benefits package PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: Fulton House is a transitional housing program targeting formerly homeless clients who are either mentally ill or dually diagnosed as mentally ill and chemically addicted. Funded and licensed by the NYS Office of Mental Health with additional funding from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development, Fulton House is located in Brooklyn and has a capacity of 48 beds. The mission of the program is to provide a safe and supportive environment where residents take part in rehabilitation interventions that will assist them in the attainment of their work, social and community living goals. A variety of services are available, including case management, substance abuse groups, medication monitoring, daily skills training and recreational activities.  HOURS: Full time 37.5 hours per week Sunday-Tuesday 7:00am-3:30pm Wednesday and Thursday 3:00pm-11:30pm  DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Carry a caseload. Monitor medication. Complete housing applications. Monitor resident activities including ensuring safe conditions within the facility.  Escort residents as needed.  Lead and assist in leading various resident groups.  Teach and assist in activities of daily living, including food preparation and service, household maintenance and laundry.  Counsel, support and advocate for residents in all areas of adjustment Provide emergency first aid/CPR assistance when needed. Related duties as assigned.  QUALIFICATIONS: BA preferred, High School diploma or GED required.  Experience working with the MICA population required.  Basic computer literacy required. NYS Drivers License preferred.  CPR training certification or willingness to take training class in CPR.  ABOUT BRC: BRC is among the most comprehensive, effective, and fastest growing agencies in NYC serving homeless New Yorkers.  With a $77 million budget and over 800 employees, BRC has 27 programs throughout the New York City area that work together to form a seamless continuum of caring and effective services to meet all of a client's needs. We employ a holistic approach, helping clients achieve health, wellness, and economic self-sufficiency, offering an array of housing and services for more than 10,000 of New York's neediest residents.  BRC has an entrepreneurial culture with a track record of innovation.  BRC is highly successful and has been recognized for it, most recently as a winner of the NY Community Trust's Nonprofit Excellence Award and as a national finalist for the Drucker Prize for innovative management.  Staff at BRC works together collaboratively to address some of the greatest social challenges of our City and does so using a compassionate and respectful approach.  In our most recent survey, 95% of our employees said they would recommend BRC as a good place to work.   For more information about BRC, please see our website at  www.brc.org.  You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
Order Selectors - Overnight Shift - Brooklyn

All jobs → Order Selectors - Overnight Shift - Brooklyn Brooklyn, New York, United States · Union Beer · Operations Union Beer Distributors is a part of a family run beer distributing company that supplies the highest quality beers available across the northeastern United States. Owned and operated by the same family for the past century, our company places unparalleled value on the strong relationship we have with our customers. We maintain a fine lineup of world class products, and even more importantly, a strong team of world class people. Union Beer Distributors is currently looking to fill several night order picker positions. We are looking for energetic individuals who posses a strong work ethic and a strong sense of responsibility to join and contribute to our team. Job Responsibilities
• Build mixed pallet orders for retail delivery
• Load and unload trucks using ride on pallet jack and forklift
• Assist in counting inventory as directed
• Repack damaged products as directed
• Maintain grounds
• Stock warehouse in an efficient manner ensuring proper stock rotation
• Load empties on truck for return to supplier
• Other duties as assigned • High School Diploma or GED Required
• 1-2 years experience in a warehouse environment
• Forklift Certification is preferred
• Flexibility with Schedule • Must be available to work overnight  Full Benefits Package Use your Indeed resume
to apply for this job
Regional Financial Analyst

TEGNA has an immediate opening in their Finance Department for an energetic, forward thinking Financial Analyst.  This position is based at KENS 5, the TEGNA station located in San Antonio, TX.  This position is responsible for providing relevant, accurate and timely financial analysis in support of our business units.  Including, but is not limited to, weekly, quarterly and annual forecasting, annual budgeting, capital planning, ad hoc analysis, and revenue trending. Primary Responsibilities/Tasks Develops relationships and provides support to the Financial Analysis Manager, Regional Finance Directors, Finance Hub Vice President and staff at business units. Assists with the development and implementation of standardized analytical tools and reporting as well as ad hoc reporting when needed. Performs financial planning and analysis, including forecasting, annual budgeting, capital planning and ad hoc P&Ls. Tracks financial status by monitoring variances from plan. Determines financial status by comparing and analyzing plans and forecasts with actual results. Investigates variances to expected results and provides explanations. Provides information to management by assembling and summarizing data; preparing reports; making presentations of findings, analyses, and recommendations. Increases productivity by developing automated applications; eliminating duplications; coordinating information requirements. Assist in preparation of month-end and year-end financial statements. Support Regional Finance Director with Internal and External Audit preparation and responding to specific audit requests. Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities To be considered a candidate for an opening at TEGNA - you must complete the online application on the employment tab at: TEGNA.com/about/Jobs. Paper resumes or any electronic information received that does not come through the online application process will not be considered part of the applicant pool.  About TEGNA: TEGNA Inc. (NYSE: TGNA), formerly Gannett Co., Inc., is comprised of a dynamic portfolio of media and digital businesses that provide content that matters and brands that deliver. TEGNA reaches more than 90 million Americans and delivers highly relevant, useful and smart content, when and how people need it, to make the best decisions possible. TEGNA Media includes 46 television stations and is the largest independent station group of major network affiliates in the top 25 markets, reaching approximately one-third of all television households nationwide. TEGNA Digital is comprised of Cars.com, the leading online destination for automotive consumers, CareerBuilder, a global leader in human capital solutions, and other powerful brands such as G/O Digital and Cofactor. For more information, visit www.TEGNA.com. TEGNA Inc. is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We encourage and consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, enrollment in college or vocational school, political affiliation, veteran status or genetic information.
Psychometric Intern


Warehouse Team Member - Full Time

We're a growing company, and we want YOU to grow with us!
Menards® home improvement stores are conveniently located throughout the Midwest in a 14-state region. From the novice do-it-yourselfer to the experienced contractor, Menards® has something for everyone! As a family-owned and operated business, Menards® is truly dedicated to service and quality and is the place to "Save BIG Money!®" on all your home improvement needs. As an employer, Menards® provides the tools and training that are needed to ensure that we provide great customer service, in stores or online. Menards® offers exceptional advancement opportunities, a positive work environment, as well as great pay and benefits! If you are a hard-working, guest-oriented person, we have opportunities for you! Apply today in person at your local site or online. - Submit Your Resume for a General Application with Menards Corporate Office here, or choose a specific store location below - Warehouse Team Member - Full Time General Warehouse Team Members are responsible for loading, unloading, sorting, staging and transporting products into and out of the Distribution Center. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: PHYSICAL DEMANDS: 
Account Executive

We are transforming the cloud computing industry and you will be helping us lead the charge.  As an account executive at Mirantis you will develop and execute a strategic and comprehensive business plan for your territory, including identifying core customers, mapping the benefits of OpenStack to customer’s business requirements. You will take full responsibility for accurate forecasting, regular quarterly revenue delivery, and facilitation of sales enablement and regulate the implementation of agreed account and business plans. Your overall focus areas will be in prospecting, developing business, responding to RFP's, developing proposals for presentation to customers, and selling Services and Products. Cross-functional teams from Mirantis’ Marketing, Solutions Engineering, Professional Services, and Product Development functions will provide support and tools for you to leverage to attain and exceed sales performance goals.

Primary Responsibilities Pipeline Generation- acquire new customer database from calling into high level within prospect organizations, networking and various customer account lists. Participates in campaigns, conferences, works with marketing team to understand new offers and leads in assigned region, generates leads independently and follows-up appropriately Solution Selling – consults with clients to determine their needs and works with application sales specialists to generate multi-product/service solutions. Takes initiative to learn new offers and products, as they become available. Able to apply technology knowledge in business development efforts Proposal/Presentation Generation: incorporates executive summary, ROI analysis, and solution design to develop customer-specific proposals and presentations. Develop Scope of Work – works with the customer and engineering team to define and document the project scope Relationship Management – develops and manages relationships with current clients to develop additional business as well as ensure a high level of client satisfaction Accurate Forecasting – captures activity information on a timely basis as client interactions occur to insure accurate product and services forecasting Requirements Advanced selling skills with a demonstrated track record of selling into complex organizations with multiple layers of decision makers. 10+ years selling experience with telecom and other technology products and solutions such as Cisco, EMC (Storage), VMware, NetApp, Oracle and managed services. Market knowledge (i.e. industry knowledge relevant to geographic area) and technical knowledge are necessary, and if assigned to vertical markets, knowledge of public sector is required. Must possess business experience to analyze client business requirements and develop creative solutions as well as utilize technical resources to complete an accurate and technically assured sales order. Exceptional communication skills Ability to accept constructive criticism; and ability to maintain and develop positive team cohesiveness Work constructively across cultural boundaries in a globally distributed organization What We Offer Work in the Silicon Valley with established leaders in their industry Work with exceptionally passionate, talented and engaging colleagues Be a part of cutting edge of open-source innovation since Linux High-energy atmosphere of a young company, competitive compensation package with strong benefits plan and stock options Individuals seeking employment at Mirantis are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Career Specialist

 Job Description This position is responsible for supporting the PATHS Program with a variety of community based tasks on a part-time basis.  The Career Specialist will assist the PATHS Coordinator in day to day operations of the program working with adults on career exploration, job readiness skills and effectively collaborate with both external and internal business partners for job development. Primary Responsibilities Job Qualifications An Associate’s degree in the area of Social Science, Education, Business, or related discipline is required.  A minimum of 1 year of experience facilitating employment skills training or career development planning is necessary.  Additional requirements include: About Jane Boyd For nearly a century, Jane Boyd Community House has been guiding kids and their families in the Cedar Rapids community. The Community House provides services for youth and adults including before and after-school programs, tutoring, recreation, family support and outreach services. Jane Boyd has long been a hub of cultural diversity in the community, programs have evolved over the generations to ensure children and families from all backgrounds have access to programs and services they need to be successful. Jane Boyd is a United Way partner and has been a Four Oaks affiliate since 2001. Equal Opportunity Employer
Graduate Admissions Specialist


Shipping Associate

The Schwebel Baking Company is seeking a full-time over night shipper/loader position we have open in our Buffalo, NY facility. Duties and Responsibilities:  Minimum Job Requirements:  Rate of pay is $12.50/ hour. Hours are 7:00pm-4:30am. This individual must be able and willing to work weekends and holidays.  **Please note that this job profile is not meant to be all inclusive of the responsibilities of this position; individuals may perform other duties as assigned or required.**  Additional Requirements Schwebel’s will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.  EOE Statement The Schwebel Baking Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Paste your resume here or Attach resume file
Category Analyst, (Networking and Telecommunications)

 Would you like to apply to this job? Apply for the Category Analyst, (Networking and Telecommunications) position 
Librarian III

The Librarian III will supervise the operation of a branch library or a section of the Central Library, including directing the work of Librarians II, Librarians I, Library Assistants, Library Circulation Attendants, Library Clerks, Library Pages, and Municipal Security Guards. Responsibilities include performing technical, administrative, and professional assignments. General supervision is received from a Regional Manager, Deputy Director, or the City Librarian through a review of plans, budgets, programs, and reports and conferences concerning difficult or unusual problems. Currently there is one vacancy located at the Century Branch. This recruitment may be used by any department for any current or future vacancies over the life of the eligible list. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment closes February 12, 2017. All materials must be received by 11:59 p.m. on this date.  SALARY $54,392 - $81,245 annually. Candidates may be hired up to $81,245 depending upon qualifications. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO.  For more details, visit:https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/007.pdf JOB REQUIREMENTS PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS – The job requirements listed above, plus: HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER
AND
RESUME,
PLUS
ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN
ONE
ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW REFERENCE Librarian III, Job Code #30230, ID #25702, 01/15/18, 6m, CP, Benefits Code: Unit 7, Q City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.
Business Intelligence Manager

Analytics - Business Intelligence/Data Science Boston, Massachusetts  Every decision made at Wayfair, big or small, is backed by data. Our Business Intelligence department has the responsibility of delivering actionable data to stakeholders across the company in order to drive initiatives forward. We’re looking for a Business Intelligence Manager to help us in our endeavor!

With a focus on web analytics, the Business Intelligence Manager will lead a team of multiple analysts, providing critical data to our internal business partners to drive strategic and tactical decisions. In addition, the Business Intelligence Manager will play a role in architecting both Wayfair’s current and next generations of our first class self-service BI platform. A successful candidate will have strong business and technical acumen, as well as great problem solving, communication, and mentoring and management skills. Responsibilities: Qualifications: About Wayfair Wayfair Inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor across all styles and price points. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair generated $3.4 billion in net revenue for full year 2016. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 5,600 people.  Powered by Jobvite
Assembler


Information Assurance Technology Management Analyst

Information Technology Vienna, Virginia  Horizon Industries Limited (HIL) is a dynamic IT and Management Consulting firm based in the Washington, DC area. We are currently seeking an Information Assurance Technology Management Analyst for a full-time position remotely supporting the Defense Logistics Agency. Job Description: Serves as an IA Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to IA Architecture policies and procedures. Provides IA Management support to DLA Information Operations, Program Executive Officer (PEO) Program Management Offices (PMO) for emerging information systems through the acquisition lifecycle and where applicable into sustainment. Provides technical support and guidance to facilitate the identification and integration of IA controls at the onset of the acquisition lifecycle for emerging IT capabilities. Serves as a principal liaison for Enterprise-level boundary defense initiatives to ensure consistent and sufficient identification and implementation of applicable IA controls in concert with the DLA IA and IT architecture. Provides oversight for the design and implementation of Enterprise-level IA solutions providing standards for access control capabilities across the Enterprise.  Required Skills / Experience: Education: High school or equivalent Location: Remote Horizon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and it is our policy to consider all applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, alienage, ancestry, citizenship status, or any other factors prohibited by law. Horizon will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Horizon’s legal duty to furnish information. EOE M/F/D/V  
Shift Leader/Cashier

Job Summary Looking for Shift leader $13.75/hr plus Tips (additional $40-$80 per week) Evening/Closing Shift Part Time 2-3 weekday evenings 4:30pm-10:30pm (12-18 hours weekly) Let us know your availability. Experience Required.Someone with food license or food handlers preferred. Even better if you are also Available on call for weekends. Duties: closing procedures, smoothies/juices, salads, taking orders, packing, customer service, phone orders, placing stock orders, organizing etc. Must be legal to work. Direct deposit only. Weekly payment. You can also Call and leave voicemail. Mention brief relevant experience in voicemail. (347) 380 - 5089 Job Type: Part-time Salary: $13.75 /hour Required experience: Required license or certification: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to V Life. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
VALET SERVICE ATTENDANT

Responsible for the safe operation and transport of guest vehicles on company property, in accordance with established policies, procedures, and controls.  Pearl River Resort Associates are required, on a continual basis to…  Adhere to any and all company and departmental policies, practices and procedures.  Contribute to a safe work environment, through compliance with established safety guidelines, identifying potential safety hazards, and reporting same to the appropriate person for proper resolution.   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  AGE and GAMING: 21 years of age or above. Gaming property – Must be able to obtain and maintain a gaming license issued by the Choctaw Gaming Commission. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: High School diploma or GED is preferred. SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS: Must possess a valid Driver’s License and good driving record – one or less moving violation within a 12 month period. Must be able to drive automatic and standard shift vehicle. LANGUAGE SKILLS: Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to guests and other associates of the organization. REASONING ABILITY: Ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out simple one or two step instructions. Ability to deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by the Associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  While performing the duties of this job, the Associate is regularly required to talk or hear. Essential duties for this position include but not limited to the following: regularly required to lift, push, pull, and carry luggage and other guest items must be able to maneuver large luggage up to seventy (70) pounds as well as load and unload wheelchairs, motorized carts and other similar equipment as needed. Must be able to stand and/or walk approximately 100% of assigned shift. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an Associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.  Must be physically fit and able to repeatedly jog to and from the Valet parking lot for duration of shift. This position is required to work in outside weather conditions and may perform responsibilities and/or essential functions on slippery or wet surfaces as well as exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, fumes or airborne particles, extreme cold. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. When on the casino floor, the noise level increases to loud. When on the casino floor or other designated areas may be subjected to tobacco smoke. Due to the unpredictable nature of the hospitality/entertainment industry, Associates must be able to work varying-schedules to reflect the business needs of the property. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Armored Service Technician

• Driving automatic and/or standard shift vehicles from 8,000 to 36,000 pounds gvw a minimum of 4 hours per
day, 5 days per week, in accordance with a designated route, making stops at a minimum of 30 customer
locations. • Servicing ATM machines on a set schedule, including re-supplying replenishing, retrieving deposits, and
monetarily balancing the machine. • Picking up/delivering customer change orders/deposits carrying a minimum of 50 pounds by hand or up to
several hundred pounds by cart, a minimum of 30 stops per day for a minimum of 4-5 hours, 5 days per
week. • Loading/unloading vehicle cargo consisting of multiple bags and boxes of coins, weighing as much as 50
pounds per item, 5-6 days per week. • Counting items, recording amounts and serial numbers, signing and dating receipts and manifests, sorting
individual cargo items by route. • Communicating with customers verbally on-site and via telephone and two-way radio to report emergencies
and approach to Loomis, Fargo and Company facility. • And other duties assigned. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS:  • Ability to repeatedly perform heavy lifting and carrying items by hand in an unrestricted manner for
significant distances (several yards).

• Ability to push/pull dollies/carts loaded with cargo weighing up to several hundred pounds. • Unrestricted ability to bend, stoop, squat, stand, walk, climb, twist, turn and reach out.

• Ability to operate a motor vehicle safely in accordance with Driver Physical Qualifications established by the
US Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration. • Ability to read and speak the English language sufficiently to converse with general public, to understand
highway traffic signs and signals in the English language, to respond to official inquires, and to make entries
on reports and records. • Ability to sign and record numbers by hand. • Ability to count, record, add, subtract, and balance columns of numbers. • Ability to operate large automatic shift vehicles. • Ability to meet state requirements for handgun license/permit or Security Officer Commission. • Good attendance and punctuality. • Ability to interact constantly with co-workers, customers, and the general public. • Ability to handle change in sequence and routine on short notice. WORKING CONDITIONS: • Full-time schedule possibly consisting of an average of 50 hours/week. • Full-time work at a minimum of 5 days anytime during a 7-day period. • Approximately 90-95 percent of work performed in vehicle within individual compartments (front and rear). • Exposure to wet and dry conditions, extreme heat and cold, constant vehicle and traffic noise and possibly
to gasoline/diesel fumes. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Click here to do another search New Applicant? Click the "Register" button to get started.  Returning Applicant? Have you already registered and are returning to apply for another job? Login Below.
Medical Office Coordinator

      
Customer Engagement Associate


Director, Office of Research

 The Call Center Associate assists patients with meal selections in a courteous and professional manner.
This includes: Registration Representative
The Registration Representative interviews patients in a professional, confidential and courteous manner in order to obtain necessary demographic and financial information and enters data into the health information system.

This includes: All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. Fetal monitor cert and  PACU-Special OB course req.  L&D per diems must have either min 2 yrs current exp in Level 3 or 5 yrs exp in a Level 2 L&D Dept. All L&D RNs must have ACLS, NRP & BLS. All RNs are req'd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs related exp preferred. EKG cert & ACLS preferred. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. HS dip. or equiv. Completion of NA trng prog OR previous related exp OR EMT OR completion of 1 clinical rotation w/ pt care in an accredited RN/LPN program   Must attend 3 day trng followed by a 2wk unit orien-wk day/day shift. Bilingual English/Spanish. Accurate basic mathematics skills as usually acquired upon completion of high school. 1 year cashier experience in a retail environment. 2 years cashier experience with experience opening and closing the register is preferred. HS or equiv.  1 yr minimum waiter/waitress experience required. HS or equiv.  1 yr minimum waiter/waitress experience required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. BLS for Healthcare Providers req'd and NRP. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. IBCLC required. BSN req'd. Prior exp w/ breast feeding mothers on an inpatient and/or outpatient basis. Neonatal resuscutation provider. 3 years of Administrative Asst Sec'y experience. Legal Sec'y exp desired.  Exceptional critical thinking skills; superior written and oral communication skills and a high comfort level with MS Office. B.S.M.T. (ASCP) or B.S. in Computer Science with 2 yrs of Laboratory Information System Analyst experience.moderate level of analytical ability to diagnose and assess operating problems and implement corrective measures as needed. HS diploma or equiv. Strong organizational & interpersonal skillsrequired.  Familiar w/ medical terminology.  Proficient in MS Office. HS Diploma or equiv. Clerical experience strongly preferred. Must attend 3 days of orientation followed by a 1 week unit orientation - during the week - day shift. HS or equiv.  Grad from accredited school of EEG technology & 2-3 yrs of related exp preferred. (with all age groups)  Exp performing intra-operative EEG monitoring required. Excellent interpersonal skills All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required. BLS for Healthcare Providers req.  PALS & chemotherapy cert. req. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. BLS for Healthcare Providers req'd and NRP. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. HS diploma or equivalent.  1 year experience in institutional cold food preperation.  Knowledge of the operation of all food preparation equipment The Office of Research at Saint Peter’s University Hospital is seeking a Director to develop and direct the Office of Research in the administration, operation, and coordination of strategic plans related to clinical research. The Director provides the administrative management of research contracts and grants administration, financial/budget management, and personnel management. The Director provides guidelines for quality and performance improvement and ensures compliance of all aspect of research operations with applicable Federal, State, and Institutional requirements.
As the Director, you will: Bachelors or Associates degree in comp sci or related field w 2-3 years exp in SSRS/SQL report writing, Visual Studio.  McKesson HBI/HPM, Paragon, healthcare exp a plus.  Excellent critical thinking & analytic skills. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. BLS for Healthcare providers req. Minimum 1 year experience in specialty. NJ RN license.  BSN degree req.  Cert. in either Informatics or Nursing. Min. 3- 5 yrs Clinical exp. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. BSN & community education exp required. Will participate in grant activities: public ed, report writing. Saint Peter’s University Hosptial is seeking a talented Lawson Administrator to join their growing team.  As the Administrator, you are: All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have EKG course cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req. Will consider new grads for FT positions. The Finance Department is seeking an Administrative Secretary who will: All RNs are req'd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs related exp preferred. EKG cert & ACLS preferred. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. HS Diploma or equiv. Clerical experience strongly preferred. Must attend 3 days of orientation followed by a 1 week unit orientation - during the week - day shift. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have EKG course cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req. Will consider new grads for FT positions. 1-2 years of prior Central Service experience. Must be certified as an SPD Technician. Must have NJ License. CRT or RRT required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required. BLS for Healthcare Providers req. The Biller Services Representative acts as liaison between Hospital (or physician practice) and patient/guarantor, or respective insurance carriers, to ensure smooth and accurate billing and collection process from the time of admission until the accounts are paid or forwarded to a collection agency.
This includes: All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required. BLS for Healthcare Providers req. Patient Assistant Liaison-Environmental Services (PAL)
Under daily supervision of the Environmental Services Supervisor, the PAL performs cleaning tasks in order to maintain assigned Hospital areas in an orderly and sanitary condition.

This includes: All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. Fetal monitor cert and  PACU-Special OB course req.  L&D per diems must have either min 2 yrs current exp in Level 3 or 5 yrs exp in a Level 2 L&D Dept. All L&D RNs must have ACLS, NRP & BLS. Must hold a current NJ Radiation Therapy Technology license.  BLS Cert required. Registered or registry eligible by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists in radiation therapy. Must have a Bachelors or Masters degree. NJ Physical Therapy license required. Experience is preferred. NJ PT license.  Must have inpatient experience. BS & MS in Nursing in an Advanced Practice field w/ prescriptive capacity.  Current RN license & APN-C in NJ. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. EKG course preferred. BLS for Healthcare Providers. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd.  OB experience. The Room Service Associate strives to provide the highest level of patient satisfaction regarding Culinary and Nutrition services.
This includes: The Sanitation Aide is responsible for maintaining the main hospital kitchen, ensuring that it runs efficiently by keeping it clean, sanitized and safe.

This includes: Our Nursing Assistants play a vital role in the exceptional care that we provide for our patients.  We have all shifts and statuses (full-time, part-time, and per-diem) available throughout the organization.  Some of our current needs include: Med/Surg Float Pool, Metabolic Unit, Respiratory Progressive Care, Intensive Care Unit (ICU), Adult Medicine, Oncology, Cardiac Progressive Care, etc.

This includes: Must have a BS or MS, NJ license/registration or eligibility.  Exp is preferred especially in Pediatric Rehabilitation , NDT certification preferred but not necessary. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. Fetal monitor cert and  PACU-Special OB course req.  L&D per diems must have either min 2 yrs current exp in Level 3 or 5 yrs exp in a Level 2 L&D Dept. All L&D RNs must have ACLS, NRP & BLS. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  A minimum of a BSN is req'd.  Neonatal resuscutation provider. PALS & NRP certs required. The Nutritionist will plan and provide for the nutrition management as appropriate for our patients.

This includes: Current Advance Practice NJ license.  Graduate of accredited neonatal nurse practitioner program. BLS for Healthcare Providers req. Current Advance Practice NJ license.  Graduate of accredited neonatal nurse practitioner program. BLS for Healthcare Providers req. RN with at least 3yrs clinical experience in surgery or oncology preferred. Knowledge of community resources, hospital processes, excellent interpersonal skills. Bilingual in Spanish preferred. All RNs are reqd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs ED exp. EKG cert & proven successful completion of a Critical Care course req incl ACLS & PALS & mod sedation course. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. Per Diem candidates must have TNCC &/or ENPC All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. Phase 2 PACU exp w/ CPAN or CAPA certficiation preferred. BSN required.  Current NJ RN License.  Minimum 3 yrs exp in specialty.  NRP,BLS certification from AHA required.  Supervisory experience desired, which may include prior charge nurse, committee leadership, etc. Certification in specialty desired. BS & MS in Nursing in an Advanced Practice field w/ prescriptive capacity.  Current RN license & APN-C in NJ. Master's Degree in Audiology req, Doctorate pref. New grad acceptable. Current NJ license & registration in Audiology or eligibility & a certificate of Clinical Competence in Audiology.

Current NJ Hearing Aid Dispensing license required.
BLS Certification required.
Analytic ability, use of independent judgment and sufficient interpersonal and communication skills for interaction with patients, families, students, peers and other health care professionals required. HS or equiv.  EKG Tech exp required. Bachelors degree in Nursing required. NJ RN license with 2 years acute care, med/surg, ICU, and ED experience.  BLS required. The Relief Cook is responsible for preparing food in accordance with current applicable federal, state and local standards, guidelines and regulations, with our established policies and procedures, and as may be directed by our Executive Chef, to assure that quality culinary service is provided at all times.

This includes: Clinical Assistants at Saint Peter’s work in various ambulatory settings throughout the region.  We currently have opportunities in Hoboken (pediatric), Monroe (adult), and New Brunswick (OBGYN).  The Clinical Assistant will: All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg exp required. BA or AAS in Clinical Informatics or CompSci, Min 1 to 3 yrs exp supporting clinical apps, electronic documentation, eMar, CPOE, Med Rec, Surgery and ED Systems. Bachelors or Associates in Education or related field req'd. Min 1-3 yrs exp in an education or training position and exp in a healthcare environment.   Trainer for Athena Health applicationsw/ knowledge of coding, ICD-9/10, and billing practices. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. PALS, EKG course, Critical Care course, Chemotherapy cert., BLS for Healthcare Providers,Moderate Sedation course req.  Pediatric or Critical Care experience preferred. All RNs are reqd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs ED exp. EKG cert & proven successful completion of a Critical Care course req incl ACLS & PALS & mod sedation course. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. Per Diem candidates must have TNCC &/or ENPC Minimum HS diploma or equivalent. Health/Social Services experience or education. Valid NJ driver’s license. Bilingual candidates a plus. Case management experience preferred. Strong computer skills. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. BLS for Healthcare providers req. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg exp required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. IBCLC required. BSN req'd. Prior exp w/ breast feeding mothers on an inpatient and/or outpatient basis. Neonatal resuscutation provider. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd as well as BLS for Healthcare Providers. MBBS or RN w/ BSN. Masters degree preferred. CCDS or CDIP & CCS certifications required. Minimum 3 years experience managing professional CDI & coding staff. The Cafeteria Aide helps to ensure our Cafeteria runs smoothly while demonstrating exceptional customer service.

This includes: All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. PALS, EKG course, Critical Care course, Chemotherapy cert., BLS for Healthcare Providers,Moderate Sedation course req.  Pediatric or Critical Care experience preferred. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg exp required. BS req.  1-2 yrs exp pref.  NJ Lic. req. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. NJ Radiological Tech license req.  BLS cert required. 1 year xray experience required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. Bachelor's degree required.  Min 1 yr in children's mental health services & a genuine respect & interest in working w/ the emotionally disturbed population. Writing skills & strong interpersonal skills req. Familiarity w/ DSM-IV-TR diagnosis is preferred NJ PT license.  Must have inpatient experience. All RNs are req'd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs related exp preferred. EKG cert & ACLS preferred. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. BLS for Healthcare providers req. Minimum 1 year experience in specialty. All RNs are reqd to have a NJ License.  BSN req'd. Min. 3 yrs ED exp. EKG cert & proven successful completion of a Critical Care course req incl ACLS & PALS & mod sedation course. BLS for Healthcare Provs req. Per Diem candidates must have TNCC &/or ENPC NJ Radiological Tech license req. BLS cert required. CT experience necessary. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. BS req.  1-2 yrs exp pref.  NJ Lic. req. While demonstrating exceptional customer service and communication skills, the Access Representative fulfills patient registration requirements for Admission, Outpatient, and Emergency Departments.

This includes: NJ PT license.  Must have inpatient experience. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg exp required. NJ RN license.  BSN required.   Oncology background necessary.  2 yrs of oncology exp. desired.  O/P exp. preferred. Knowledge of Cardiac Diagnostic equipment, techniques & procedures. Grad from approved school of Medical Ultrasound technology or equiv. Nat'l registry eligible. Nat'l registry preferred - RDCS or RCS. BLS required. BSN Preferred. Currently licensed as a Registered Nurse in the State of New Jersey. Minimum of five (5) years’ experience in specialty. Charge nurse experience preferred Graduate of a Surgical Technical Program, an accredited Practical School of Nursing, equivalent training or successful completion of an orientation program. BSN Preferred. Currently licensed as a Registered Nurse in the State of New Jersey. Minimum of five (5) years’ experience in specialty. Charge nurse experience preferred Must have NJ License. CRT or RRT required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. PALS, EKG course, Critical Care course, Chemotherapy cert., BLS for Healthcare Providers,Moderate Sedation course req.  Pediatric or Critical Care experience preferred. 1-2 years of prior Central Service experience. Must be certified as an SPD Technician. All LPNs are required to have a NJ License & BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd.  Geriatric or M/S exp req. 2 yrs clinical & phlebotomy exp required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. Graduate of a Surgical Technical Program, an accredited Practical School of Nursing, equivalent training or successful completion of an orientation program. BLS administration required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd.  EKG cert & proven successful completion of a Critical Care course req incl ACLS cert and moderate sedation course. BLS for Healthcare Providers req. PT & Per Diem req min 3  yrs progressive ICU exp NJ RN license req; BSN required.  BLS and ACLS  Certification required Must have  5 years of nursing experience with evidence of progressive leadership experience. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. BLS for Healthcare providers req. Minimum 1 year experience in specialty. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. All LPNs are required to have a NJ License & BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd.  Geriatric or M/S exp req. 2 yrs clinical & phlebotomy exp required. HS or equiv.  Must know medical terminology, 1 yr. phlebotomy exp. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. 2yrs M/S, Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd.  BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg exp required. BLS cert req'd. Current NJ Licesnce to practice radiologic technology req'd.  Min 1 yr exp as a Staff Technologist. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. NJ Radiological Tech license req. BLS cert required. CT experience necessary. NJ Radiological Tech license req. BLS cert required. CT experience necessary. BLS cert req'd. Current NJ Licesnce to practice radiologic technology req'd.  Min 1 yr exp as a Staff Technologist. All RNs are required to have a NJ License.  BSN required. BLS from AHA required. IV certified. Critical Care, Emergency Department Geriatric experience preferred. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. BLS for Healthcare providers req. Minimum 1 year experience in specialty. BS degree in Medical Technology w/ 2yrs LIS experience.  BS degree in Computer Science w/ 2yrs System Analyst experience. NJ RN license req; BSN required.  BLS and ACLS  Certification required Must have  5 years of nursing experience with evidence of progressive leadership experience.  All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required. MSN preferred. BLS cert from AHA req'd. NRP required. 3-5 yrs progressive leadership experience required. EFM preferred.  All LPNs are required to have a NJ License and BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Geriatric or M/S experience req. 2 yrs clinical and phlebotomy experience required. All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Must have Chemotherapy cert. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required.  All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN required. EKG course cert. req'd. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Min 2-3 yrs current med/surg experience required  All LPNs are required to have a NJ License and BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA req'd. Geriatric or M/S experience req. 2 yrs clinical and phlebotomy experience required.  All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Neonatal resuscutation provider. PALS and NRP certs required. Floats between NICU and PICU.  All RNs are required to have a NJ License. A minimum of a BSN is req'd. Neonatal resuscutation provider. PALS and NRP certs required. Floats between NICU and PICU.  All RNs are required to have a NJ License. BSN req'd. BLS for Healthcare Providers from AHA required. Doctorate in child, clinical, developmental, or pediatric psychology. NJ license or license eligible. Experience in developmental pediatrics strongly preferred. Bilingual ability (Spanish/English) required.  Certified in Childbirth Education or area of instruction. LandD or Mother-Baby experience a plus. Available to teach on wknds and weekday evenings. Ability to teach groups of 20-25. Ability to operate A-V equipment. Strong communication skills. BSN required. Current NJ RN License. Minimum 3-years experience in specialty. PALS, BLS and EKG certification required. Pediatric CCRN required. Supervisory experience desired, which may include prior charge nurse, committee leadership, etc.  Regular mail:
Patient Access Representative - Urgent Care Center Rio Vista

This position is located at the Rio Vista Urgent Care Center. Associate will be expected to rotate weekends on a regular basis.
Job Description Details: Job Requirements: Education: Experience & Skills: Trinity Health’s Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Trinity Health employs more than 120,000 colleagues at dozens of hospitals and hundreds of health centers in 21 states. Because we serve diverse populations, our colleagues are trained to recognize the cultural beliefs, values, traditions, language preferences, and health practices of the communities that we serve and to apply that knowledge to produce positive health outcomes. We also recognize that each of us has a different way of thinking and perceiving our world and that these differences often lead to innovative solutions. Trinity Health’s dedication to diversity includes a unified workforce (through training and education, recruitment, retention and development), commitment and accountability, communication, community partnerships, and supplier diversity. About Us
Trinity Health offers rewarding careers in a community environment with all the advantages of working at one of the nation’s largest health systems. We provide high-quality, people-centered care in 22 states through our network of hospitals, facilities, community-based services, and continuing care locations – including home care, hospice, Program of All Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE), and senior living facilities. If you are looking for a rewarding clinical or administrative position, you’ll find exceptional career possibilities, opportunities for advancement and a job with meaning at Trinity Health. Trinity Health employs more than 131,000 colleagues across 22 states. We honor and embrace a diverse representation of people, ideas and backgrounds. Our dedication to diversity is evident in our commitment to training, education, recruitment, retention and development, as well as community partnerships and supplier diversity. Because we serve diverse populations, our colleagues are trained to recognize the cultural beliefs, values, traditions, language preferences and health practices of the communities we serve and to apply that knowledge to produce positive outcomes. We recognize that each of us has a different way of thinking and perceiving our world, and that our differences not only serve to unite us, but also lead to innovative solutions.  
Delivery Associate- KOP

Responsible for transporting deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and DOT regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries according to manifest in a safe, responsible manner and in accordance with company procedures and applicable DOT regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Follows the daily delivery schedule or coordinates the most efficient deliveries by applying knowledge of customer schedules, peak delivery times and alternate routes.*  Applies knowledge and abilities to safely load and unload deliveries according to size of load and content description.*  Completes required paperwork to include overage/shortage sheets, trip records and maintenance logs.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles daily receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Performs daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections, corrective and preventative maintenance and documents on the driver’s truck inspection sheets.*  Maintains a daily, legible DOT log book and submits as required.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Participates and assists in the completion of various service calls.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Maintains valid drivers license, DOT physical card and submits copies of renewals to the manager in a timely fashion.* CDL license NOT required  Performs other related duties as assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Language Ability: Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license Medical Card
Elementary P/T Teaching Position- ACE IT!


Fiscal Assistant

 Below you will find the details for the position including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening.  To apply for the position, please click the Apply for this Job link/button. If you would like to bookmark this position for later review, click on the Bookmark link.  If you would like to print a copy of this position for your records, click on the Print Preview link.   This position is responsible for picking up locked bags containing settlement sheets and monies; counting money manually; verifying amount received using settlement sheets; prepares settlement for each register; prepares deposit tickets and coding forms; takes deposits to the bank; enters deposits into the VDH Financial $ Administration System; maintains spreadsheet of deposits; serves as primary backup for staff processing fees for vital records (birth, death, marriage, and divorce) for walk-in customers and other DVR transactions; reviews payment for acceptability at the time of receipt; counts fees received; issues change as necessary; serves as primary incoming supply staff processing supply orders; receives and processes incoming supply requests for forms; counts the requested number of forms/packs; packages forms in order to mail to requestor; and works as a part of Saturday rotation as required. Knowledge of accounting systems and procedures; inventory systems; highly effective data entry; customer service; diplomacy; communication (oral and written); grammar, and spelling skills. Applicant should have the ability to perform effectively in a high volume, customer focused confidential data environment; utilize email and spreadsheets; accurately count; maintain record; multitask; maintain detailed logs; utilize adding machine; follow oral and written instructions; work independently and as a part of a team; provide clear and concise accurate explanations; follow standard operating procedures and guidelines; meet deadlines; navigate within application systems; communicate orally and in writing; evaluate priorities; pay attention to details; use professional judgment and discretion to make sound decisions; interpret policy, code and regulations; work both independently and collaboratively with internal and external contacts; and elevate issues when necessary. High school diploma and/or equivalent experience or training. Experience as a cashier and processing deposits preferred. Knowledge of Vital Records operation preferred. VDH is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment is contingent upon satisfactory results of a state and federal criminal history background check and the Department of Social Service’s Child Abuse and Neglect Central Registry Check; U.S. HHS IG Exclusion List Check; employment reference check and E-Verify. The selected candidate must complete a Statement of Economic Interest as a condition of employment, if applicable. Other financial, credit, driving, or other background checks prior to employment may be required for certain positions. Applicants needing sponsorship need not apply. A completed application, including all previous employment, salary history, and education must be submitted online at https://jobs.agencies.virginia.gov. No faxed, mailed or e-mailed applications will be accepted.  Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*). (Open Ended Question) Virginia is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Players Club Clerk - Part Time/Reg (Christmas) Closes - 12/1...

POSITION SUMMARY:  The Players Club Clerk, under the direction of the Players Club Supervisor or Shift Manager/Director of Player Development, is responsible greeting customers, promoting, enrolling and explaining the benefits of the Player's Club Program to Casino patrons/customers.  The Players Club Clerk provides attentive, cheerful and professional service to all customers, both internal and external, striving to always exceed their expectations and provide excellent customer service.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: (includes, but is not limited to, the following)   ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: (includes, but is not limited to, the following)   CONTACTS:  Immediate peers, peers in other departments, immediate supervisor/manager, managers in other departments and customers.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:  Position sedentary with primarily sitting/lifting of maximum of 10 pounds. Physical factors include constant typing; frequent standing, sitting, use of near vision, typing and hearing; occasional walking. Working conditions include frequent exposure to noise, air quality and dimly lit conditions. Potential hazards include frequent client contact and infectious exposure.  REQUIREMENTS:  Education: High School diploma or equivalent preferred.  Experience: N/A  Certification/License: Must under a Criminal background investigation done under the rules of the National Indian Gaming Commission. Will be required to complete and pass pre-employment drug testing.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must have knowledge of or have the ability to learn about the Northern Rewards Club and the benefits of being a member and the importance of the customer using their card. Must know the location of or have the ability to learn the location of all departments within the Casino and Hotel complex.  Must know details of or have the ability to learn about all Casino promotions and Entertainment. Must have knowledge of or have the ability to learn details about the city, places to stay, eat and shop or special events.  Must have knowledge of or have the ability to learn of the benefits of Direct Mail and Comping/Point System. Must have working knowledge and be able to use word processing and spreadsheet and database software. Must have excellent communication skills and be able to communicate clearly in person, in writing, and by telephone and email. Must be flexible and available to work various shifts, including nights, weekends and holidays. Must be able to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with supervisory personnel, coworkers and the general public. Must be able to work extended hours when needed. Native American preferred.  You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
SALES CONSULTANT (f/m, Kings Road, London, part-time)

In order to strengthen our Wolford Boutique Kings Road., London, we are looking for luxury-oriented and fashion-conscious sales personnel for the following position: As a sales consultant, you take our customers into the world of Wolford. You are enthusiastic about our products and inspired by our innovations. You are able to convince our customers of these aspects by means of personal and professionally based consultation. In addition, you are interested in ensuring the creative presentation of goods and are well-versed in modern till systems. You are trained in retail or the service industry and have several years of professional experience and display excellent skills in professional customer consultation. Furthermore, you have a great affinity with fashion and trends paired with an interest for premium materials. As an ambassador for the brand, you are an excellent communicator, are extremely service-oriented and are open to new ideas. It is preferable for the candidate to speak a second language. If you also have an assured and friendly manner then you are just what we are looking for. We are offering you an exciting working environment in an innovative company with interesting opportunities for development. Become part of the world of Wolford! We look forward to receiving your application. Please send your application to: Laura Hooper
laura.hooper@wolford.com
Patient Care Assistant


Unload Associate

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   See how Lowe’s partners with Toolbox for Education and Boys & Girls Club of America to improve the lives of youth across our nation. Looking for something more? With the #LowesLife, you’ll find more than just a job – you’ll find a lifestyle. Take a look! Lowe's has been named a recipient of the 2016 Freedom Award, given to employers who show exceptional support for National Guard and Reservist employee Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
PXDP SECURITY OFFICER

The Covenant companies would like to encourage you to review our available opportunities. We are known leaders and innovators in the security industry as we protect and defend U.S. Government and corporate interests throughout the world. It is Covenant's goal to provide a positive environment that leads to the professional and personal growth of our team. It is our belief that our employees are the key to our success and are the company's greatest assets. If you would like to become part of this winning team, we invite you to review our available opportunities. As a participant of the “Warriors to Work” program, Covenant actively recruits highly qualified service members whose military careers have ended prematurely due to injury. Additional information and resources can be found at the “Warriors to Work” website at www.woundedwarriorproject.org. Covenant Security Services (CSS), is a national provider of quality security officers. At Covenant, we invest in our people to pay dividends to our clients. Covenant's goal is to provide a positive environment that leads to the professional and personal growth of our team. Our competitive wages, excellent benefits, progressive training, and career advancement and incentive programs are aimed at maintaining skilled, happy and successful long-term security professionals. Security Officers perform many tasks throughout their shifts; these tasks include providing day-to-day support of entry control, facility patrol and emergency management. Essential Functions: Security officers may be asked to perform many essential functions at the client’s location. This is a not a complete list, these are a few of the essential functions: • Routine vehicle and/or foot patrol of facility and parking lot • Monitor the facility for conditions that may create security concerns or safety hazards • Answering phones, greeting visitors and employees • Prepare reports as required and provide assistance to visitors and employees in a courteous and professional manner. • Monitor CCTV systems and alarms. • Respond to emergency situations and contact the proper authorities • Flexible to changes and adapts well to different situations. • Become familiar with site-specific manual and post orders • Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications:• Must have high school diploma or GED • Must be at least 18 years of age or older as required by contractual requirements • Must have a valid driver’s license • Must have or be able to obtain and maintain any applicable state licensing requirements for Security Officers. • Previous contract security, military or law enforcement experience is helpful • Able to work in a team or independent • Effective oral and written communication skills • Neat and professional appearance • Friendly and professional demeanor • Ability to provide quality customer service • Ability to assess and handle typical and crisis situations quickly and effectively at client’s site. Covenant Security Services is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disabled/Veteran. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment drug testing.
Medical Assistant/Front Desk (11)

Career Opportunities with 21st Century Oncology A great place to work. It takes an extended - exceptional - team to deliver exceptional care to patients. 21st Century Oncology hires for numerous clinical positions as well as for openings in administration, IT, finance and management. Search our job listings and upload your resume for consideration. PURPOSE: The Medical Assistant with Front Desk duties is a specifically trained individual who demonstrates expertise in assisting patients during all aspects of care. Performs administrative and certain clinical duties under the direction of the Physician or Physicians designee. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Under the guidance of the Physician, responsibilities are as follows: This position will also require Front Desk duties to be performed including but not limited to: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED: EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. JOB DESCRIPTION CLAUSE: The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees, and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer. © 2018 21st Century Oncology Applicant Tracking System Powered by
JRR- Community Technician (Split Shifts)

Full time employees receive a generous benefits package PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: BRC began operating its newest program, the Jack Ryan Residence, in August 2011. The Jack Ryan Residence, funded by the NYC Department of Homeless Services, is a 200-bed shelter for homeless men living with mental illness. The program provides a complete range of mental health stabilization, medication management, case management, and medical services aimed at moving residents into permanent housing. The ultimate goal of the program is to place its clients into appropriate, supportive housing within nine months HOURS: Full time, 37.5 hours per week  DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Community Technicians will be assigned to work at an Upstairs Post in the shelter and/or at the Front Door Operations Post in the lobby and will be responsible for maintaining safe and sanitary conditions at the 25th Street site.


Responsible for monitoring residential program for mentally ill homeless men. Conduct rounds of the facility to ensure that it is safe and orderly. Perform crisis intervention with clients when needed. Maintain written documentation. Serve meals. Inventory supplies. Escort clients and assist them with ADLs. Help to maintain an orderly and clean facility. Provide emergency first aid/CPR assistance when needed. Related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS

High School diploma or GED required; Experience working with MICA/homeless population preferred; Basic Computer literacy required and good oral and written communications skills needed. Bilingual preferred. NYC Fire Safety Coordinator Certification and CPR Certification a plus. Willingness and ability to pass tests to acquire CPR and Fire Safety Credentials required.  ABOUT BRC: BRC is among the most comprehensive, effective, and fastest growing agencies in NYC serving homeless New Yorkers.  With a $77 million budget and over 800 employees, BRC has 27 programs throughout the New York City area that work together to form a seamless continuum of caring and effective services to meet all of a client's needs. We employ a holistic approach, helping clients achieve health, wellness, and economic self-sufficiency, offering an array of housing and services for more than 10,000 of New York's neediest residents.  BRC has an entrepreneurial culture with a track record of innovation.  BRC is highly successful and has been recognized for it, most recently as a winner of the NY Community Trust's Nonprofit Excellence Award and as a national finalist for the Drucker Prize for innovative management.  Staff at BRC works together collaboratively to address some of the greatest social challenges of our City and does so using a compassionate and respectful approach.  In our most recent survey, 95% of our employees said they would recommend BRC as a good place to work.   For more information about BRC, please see our website at www.brc.org.  You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
Delivery Driver

 Job Title:     Delivery Person                      FLSA:  Non-Exempt Department: Grocery General Function Provides prompt, efficient and friendly customer service.  Delivers product to customers. Responsible for store cleanliness, inside and out. Reporting Relations Accountable and Reports to:              Store Director; Managers GM, Perishables, and Store Operations; Assistant Managers GM, Perishables, and Store Operations; Assistant Managers, Kitchen Manager, Floral Manager, Online Shopping Manager Direct Reports:                                    None Primary Duties and Responsibilities Secondary Duties and Responsibilities Education and Experience No specific education required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Worker Characteristics Working Conditions This position is continually exposed to dust, noise, temperature extremes, dampness, vibrations, and equipment movement hazard.  There is significant work pace/pressure to deliver product in a timely manner. Equipment Used to Perform Job Delivery vehicle, telephone Special Requirements Employees must possess a valid driver’s license, with no DOT restrictions, and be 18 years or older to drive a company vehicle Physical Requirements Financial Responsibility Responsible for payments received for delivery of products when applicable Contacts Has daily contact with store personnel, customers, and the general public  Hy-Vee, Inc. is an employee-owned corporation operating 240 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $9.3 billion annually. Hy-Vee ranks among the top 25 supermarket chains and the top 50 private companies in the United States. Supermarket News, the authoritative voice of the food industry, has honored the company with a Whole Health Enterprise Award for its leadership in providing services and programs that promote a healthy lifestyle. © 2009-2018 Recruitics, Inc. All rights reserved Post your Job Here
Inventory Specialist

    
CS&A candidates only- Visual Arts and Design Department Chai...

Username: Password: Enter your email to receive job alerts when new jobs like this one are posted. Please use this application portal if you are a Carney Sandoe & Associate candidate. William Penn Charter School is committed to maintaining a work and learning environment free from discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, pregnancy, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital/civil union status, ancestry, place of birth, age, citizenship status, veteran status, political affiliation, genetic information or disability, as defined and required by state and federal laws. Additionally, we prohibit retaliation against individuals who oppose such discrimination and harassment or who participate in an equal opportunity investigation. The content you submit, offer, contribute, attach, post, or display (each a “Submission”) will viewed by other users of the service who may or may not be accurately representing who they are or who they represent. Do not include any sensitive data in your submissions. Any submission or any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the service or obtained by you through the use of the service is at your own risk. “Sensitive data” for purposes of this section means social security or other government-issued identification numbers, medical or health information, account security information, individual financial account information, credit/debit/gift or other payment card information, account passwords, individual credit and income information or any other sensitive personal data as defined under applicable laws. © 2015 PeopleAdmin, Inc.
PARK GROUNDS IMPROVEMENT SUPERVISOR I (S...

 
Hotel Lobby Attendant

 Maintain cleanliness of all public areas and health club (if applicable) at all times, ensuring all guest needs are met. Specific Responsibilities: Qualifications:  
Health Information Clerk UGL 7459-1258

        
Manual Software Tester

SUMMARY OF POSITION Writes, maintains and executes test plan for system being developed by in-house IT team. This is a unique opportunity to help create a system which will be adopted by our entire company and also used by clients. Our IT is building this system using an Agile environment and looking for someone who enjoys a fast paced work environment. Requires a bachelor's degree and 0-2 years of experience in a professional setting. Prefer the candidate has a working knowledge of quality assurance methodologies or the self-motivation to quickly learn the "tools of the trade". Familiarity with Windows OS and multiple commercial Web Browsers is a must. Knowledge of UNIX and/or Solaris environments a plus. Works under close supervision; reports to the Chief Technology Officer. Responsibilities Qualifications Job Type: Full-time Alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:
Party Warehouse & Tent Crew

Are you a motivated and energetic individual looking for a job where no two days are alike? Want to have the freedom of working outdoors and watching events come together? Requirements: You must decipher load sheets, pull and load orders including tents and related equipment from the warehouse. You will occasionally make necessary adjustments in load list and check load list against order. Duties include: 1) coordinate with sales associates for special requirements, 2) deliver and set up party rental equipment, 3) inspect equipment for quality control during load, 4) setup, take down, loading and unloading of all events, 5) assist the tenting and installation crews, 6) load, clean and put away all event rentals, Must be willing to be flexible with work hours and days. Job Type: Seasonal Job Type: Part-time Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required language: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Your Party & Event Center. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Assistant Store Manager Puerto Rico

 WHY WORK FOR JOURNEYS? JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: SALES STAFF OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER REQUIREMENTS: We are always looking for qualified people to fill the following positions at most of our locations:
Forklift Operator, Putaway

Date: Jan 13, 2018 Location: Palmetto, Florida, US, 34221 Company: Sysco Company: Sysco West Coast Florida
Location: US-FL-Palmetto
Zip Code: 34221
Minimum Level of Education: Not Applicable
Minimum Years of Experience: 0-1
Position Type: Non-Exempt
Travel Percentage: 0  More information about this job:  This position is located at 3000 69th Street East, Palmetto, FL 34221.  OVERVIEW:
At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco.  POSITION SUMMARY: Performs product receiving activities, operates and maintains equipment associated with warehouse activity and performs other related duties as required. Control flow of products being received into the warehouse. RESPONSIBILITIES: Equipment operation: QUALIFICATIONS: Basic Qualifications: Professional Skills: Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Working Conditions: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.  Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.  This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Nearest Major Market: Sarasota
Nearest Secondary Market: Tampa © Copyright 2017
Overnight Stocker- Seasonal

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Position Description Responsible for distributing and stocking merchandise throughout the store including caring for store equipment and cleaning hazardous materials spills. Also responsible for providing excellent customer service by greeting customers and assisting customers in locating, selecting, demonstrating, and loading of merchandise. Job Requirements Requires late evening, night-time, and early morning availability any day of the week. Physical ability to move large, bulky and/or heavy merchandise. Physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties. Minimum Qualifications Ability to read, write, and perform basic arithmetic (addition, subtraction).  Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience operating forklift/power equipment such as lifts, order pickers, and similar equipment. 6 months experience in a warehouse performing inventory handling and stocking.   Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   Lowe's has been named a recipient of the 2016 Freedom Award, given to employers who show exceptional support for National Guard and Reservist employee See the way’s Lowe’s Heroes employee volunteers give back to the communities they call home. Looking for something more? With the #LowesLife, you’ll find more than just a job – you’ll find a lifestyle. Take a look! Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
Cashier

Spring Hiring / Job Search / Cashier < Back to Results Provide fast, friendly customer service at the point of purchase, accurately processing checkout and return transactions and identifying selling opportunities. Interested in applying to additional jobs or locations? Apply to as many as you’d like to increase your chances of joining our team. See more jobs near you > We take care of our associates so they can take care of our customers. Our OrangeLife Advantage is how we describe the unique culture and strong benefits we offer to help our associates and their families get the most out of work and life. A variety of
benefit options Performance
bonuses Tuition
reimbursement Discounts with
30,000 vendors And much more!  Cashiers play a critical customer service role by providing customers with fast, friendly, accurate and safe service. They process Checkout and/or Return transactions, as well as monitor and maintain the Self-Checkout area. They proactively seek product/project knowledge to provide customers with information and identify selling opportunities. They follow all policies and procedures to ensure that shrink is minimized. A Head Cashier will position Cashiers and support them by expediting price checks, approving Point of Sale transactions and markdowns for mainline registers, Self-Checkout, Returns, Pro Desk, Special Services, and Tool Rental. They provide first level escalation for customer issues and assist in the supervision, coaching and training of other Front End Associates by participating in the training of new Cashiers and utilizing all available tools to coach and develop other Cashiers. The preferred qualification for a Head Cashier is 1+ years of Cashier experience.  80% of our store managers started as hourly associates. More than half of our seasonal hires transitioned to permanent positions last year. Our discount site can save associates an average of $300 on cell phone bills and $421 on auto insurance. 0371 – HOUMA
1717 MARTIN L KING BLVD
Houma, LA Once you’ve applied, please come back and apply for other jobs at this store and any store near you. 
Customer Care Representative

        :   :         
Manufacturing Associate II

         Copyright © 2017 Danaher. All Rights Reserved.
Intern, Subsystems

Share: We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. Introduction
ARM is the world's leading semiconductor intellectual property (IP) supplier and as such is at the heart of the development of digital electronic products. ARM’s ecosystem includes many of the biggest names in consumer electronics and semiconductor manufacturing.

Purpose
We are seeking a highly motivated graduate to join our Systems IP team. The successful candidate will work as an integral part of the team to contribute to the design and verification of the next generation of ARM microprocessors, system interconnects and memory controllers.

This is an outstanding opportunity to be part of the ARM Austin Design Center. You will be part of a small and talented team, giving you the opportunity to innovate and make a significant contribution. We employ leading-edge modeling, design and verification technologies to design low-power high-performance products. Experience
Successful candidates will contribute in one or more of the following areas. Prior exposure through academic project work, internships, co-ops, or full-time employment in the semiconductor or microarchitecture arena is preferred.

General
• Microarchitecture modeling and microarchitecture concepts such as processor pipelines, coherent memory hierarchy, and system interconnect
• Excellent software engineering skills including understanding of data structures and algorithms in C/C++ and Java, and graphical user interfaces
• Assembly language or embedded programming for ARM or other architectures
• Basic understanding of logic design and state machines

Design
• RTL logic design with emphasis on low-power and high-speed implementations
• Understanding of CPU microarchitecture high performance techniques and trade-offs
• Verilog HDL language and associated software simulators and waveform debugging tools
• Logic synthesis, timing constraints, static timing analysis, power analysis

Modeling
• Broad understanding of processor performance sensitivities to various workloads
• Developing virtual platform models (VPMs) using transaction-level models (TLMs) in a SystemC-based framework
Specification and creation of test harnesses and methodologies using interpreted languages like Python and Perl

Verification
• Formal property verification
• FPGA based design prototyping
• Specification and creation of constrained-random testbenches
• Functional coverage driven validation methods

Education & Qualifications
• Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering, with a GPA of 3.6 or higher
• The ideal candidate is a highly analytical person, with a background in software and tools, and with exposure to software analysis or validation.
• Ability to cooperate and communicate well within an engineering team
• Motivated to continuously develop skills and accept a variety of responsibilities as part of contributing to the design center’s success
• Demonstrate positive attitude and respect for all members of the team
• Willing to take risks to create revolutionary solutions for difficult problems Your particular benefits package will depend on position and type of employment and may be subject to change. Your package will be confirmed on offer of employment. Arm’s benefits program provides permanent employees with the opportunity to stay innovative and healthy, ensure the wellness of their families, and create a positive working environment.  Arm® technology is at the heart of a computing and connectivity revolution that is transforming the way people live and businesses operate. From the unmissable to the invisible; our advanced, energy-efficient processor designs are enabling the intelligence in 86 billion silicon chips and securely powering products from the sensor to the smartphone to the supercomputer. With more than 1,000 technology partners including the world’s most famous business and consumer brands, we are driving Arm innovation into all areas compute is happening inside the chip, the network and the cloud. With offices around the world, Arm is a diverse community of dedicated, innovative and highly talented professionals. By enabling an inclusive, meritocratic and open workplace where all our people can grow and succeed, we encourage our people to share their unique contributions to Arm's success in the global marketplace.  The Arm Austin office employs staff from across all divisions of ARM and is considered the engineering hub for North America. Austin has the nickname of “Silicon Hills” thanks to the high number of tech companies in the area, and is also known as the “Live Music Capital of the World". Events such as South by Southwest, Austin City Limits Music Festival and the F1 Grand Prix are but a few of the many activities that make Austin a top destination for both residents and travelers. All Rights Reserved. ©ARM Ltd. 1995 - 2015
Operations Integrator (JIDA)

The Celestar Corporation has an IMMEDIATE NEED to identify multiple Military Operations Integrators. Please review the position description below. If interested and qualified, we welcome you to apply for this challenging opportunity. PRIMARY CONUS LOCATION: Northern Virginia
START DATE: Upon Successfully Completing an in-depth Qualification Process, Government Approval and Acceptance! CLEARANCE/ACCESS: Active Top Secret Level Clearance with SCI Access; Clearance, Access and Investigation must appear in JPAS and be within scope (5 – Years) IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This position has been filled. However, if you’re interested in being placed on a Hot Fill-Standby to Hire List, we encourage you to apply. Once an opening is determined, we will visit our candidate list and call qualified candidates in order of application date. If you’re available when the vacancy surfaces…this could prove to be a Win-Win, if not….you may be available during the next call. NOTE: It can be expected that a Hot Fill would require the select candidate to start in 2 to 4 Weeks once accepted and approved via the interview process. RESPONSIBILITIES REQUIREMENTS Senior Level Requirement: Masters Degree with Ten (10) Years of relevant experience OR a Bachelor Degree with Eighteen (18) Years of relevant experience OR Twenty-Two (22) Years of relevant work experience. Journeyman Level Requirement: Bachelor Degree with Three (3) Years experience OR Associates Degree with Seven (7) Years experience OR Nine (9) Years of relevant work experience HIGHLY DESIRED IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a Best Athlete Selection Process! Please ensure that the required and/or desired experience is reflected on your resume to receive fair and competitive consideration. Come onboard with a company that Values its Employees!
Celestar, a Veteran Owned Company, is Very Competitive with Salaries and Benefits. As an example, we offer Company Paid Benefits that include Employee and Family Dental Insurance, Employee Health Insurance, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability Insurance. We also offer a 401k retirement company match, paid Holidays and Personal Time Off! __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ Minimum physical demands for on task positions: Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.
Team Members on Task (CONUS only, minimal or no job-related travel):
• Work Environment: The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
• Office Type Environment with Temperature Control. May be exposed to chemicals related to office equipment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. General office environment.
Team Members on task (CONUS and OCONUS assignments, some travel):
• Specific vision abilities required by the job may include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
• Team Members deployed to a combat zone must be physically able to live in austere conditions during off duty time that may include extremes in temperature, noise, and must not have any medical conditions that require access to uninterrupted power sources.
• Team Members deployed to a combat zone will be subject to hazardous conditions which may require them to wear a kevlar helmet, individual body armor and/or wear a gas mask for extended periods of time. PAY TRANSPARENCY POLICY STATEMENT
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. Celestar is an Equal Employment Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to providing equal opportunity for all applicants or employees on the basis of their race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, religion, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you should have difficulty accessing our online application, please call us during normal working hours for immediate assistance @ (813)-627-9069
Manager in Training - Environmental Services

Asheville, North Carolina, United States Full-time Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) typically services long term care and nursing facilities and is now hiring an Environmental Services Manager in Training in your area! HCSG has a custom, state of the art training program!  POSITION SUMMARY:  QUALIFICATIONS: Additional Requirements: Healthcare Services Group, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Healthcare Services Group, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. Thanks for your time
Pet Sitter


Customer Support Supervisor


Inbound Customer Service Representative

Provides quality service and information regarding various available products to inbound callers.  Education: High School Diploma or GED is required  Experience: No experience necessary  Computer Experience: Must be able to type quickly and accurately, use a mouse effectively, and have a basic understanding of Windows-based operating systems.  Skills & Abilities:  All job offers are contingent upon completion of drug and background checks.  GC Services is an equal opportunity employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet  Application Assistance
GC Services is committed to equal employment opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. If you are interested in applying for employment with GC Services and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please call Human Resources at 713-777-4441 or email Human Resources with your request. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
PMC: Video Editor & Shooter

PMC is a constellation of some of the world’s most influential digital media and publishing brands. The company’s holdings have expanded to include a diversified portfolio of global events and conferences, as well as an emerging data solutions and services business. The foundation of PMC’s business rests upon a simple premise: The Power of Content™ can help change the world. Original content has always been PMC’s cornerstone — content that fosters a deep emotional connection between the world’s foremost creators, editors, journalists, and producers and their diverse audiences and consumers. PMC facilitates change, as well as connection, through professional curation, social exchange, and continuous pursuit of innovative content and ideas. While PMC works in pursuit of profit as well as ideation, it is unwavering in its dedication to editorial integrity, reputation and quality of content. PMC is a house of brands and is committed to continuously innovating, growing, and investing in ideas and experiences that inform, entertain, and connect the world. We understand that the exchange of ideas can foster dialogue, shape understanding and build a relationship between brands and their readers, and PMC is committed to be a responsible global citizen across every community it serves. From our hiring and promotions, to the design of products and services, to the way we act towards each other and interact with our consumers and advertisers, we strive to value and respect diversity and inclusion – these values are core to the company. “It’s all about You” is the fundamental principle and differentiator for the PMC suite of products and services. The critical need for diversity in a winning team, at a personal and professional level, is embodied not just in the company’s products but in the DNA of the culture as well. We reinforce these values in our day-to-day decision-making and actions and through company training. PMC’s values are foundational to the way business is conducted. Each employee is provided the freedom and tools to be creative, responsible and hardworking, while being encouraged to give back as a citizen of the world. The Executive Management team recognizes that nearly all of PMC’s success is directly attributable to its people. So creating an inspiring and supportive work environment to enable everyone to harness their unique talents is fundamental to the company’s sensibility as a values-based employer.
Delivery Associate-Holmes

Responsible for transporting deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and DOT regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries according to manifest in a safe, responsible manner and in accordance with company procedures and applicable DOT regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Follows the daily delivery schedule or coordinates the most efficient deliveries by applying knowledge of customer schedules, peak delivery times and alternate routes.*  Applies knowledge and abilities to safely load and unload deliveries according to size of load and content description.*  Completes required paperwork to include overage/shortage sheets, trip records and maintenance logs.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles daily receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Performs daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections, corrective and preventative maintenance and documents on the driver’s truck inspection sheets.*  Maintains a daily, legible DOT log book and submits as required.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Participates and assists in the completion of various service calls.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Maintains valid drivers license, DOT physical card and submits copies of renewals to the manager in a timely fashion.* CDL license NOT required.  Performs other related duties as assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Language Ability: Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license Medical Card
Key Leader Pop-Up

         
Valet - Valet Attendant

Bag Inc. is expanding its Lake Buena Vista Valet operation and is actively searching for the right people to work in a fast-paced, customer friendly environment.  The Valet Runner welcomes each guest with a smile and provides the absolute best customer service every single time! Job Requirements: Ability to jog at a swift pace to retrieve parked vehicles Ability to drive all types of motor vehicles including manual and automatic transmissions Clean Driving Record
Customer service experience, preferred Ability to lift up to 70 lbs. At least 18 years of age Must be able to meet appearance guidelines listed below Must be able to work in outside weather conditions entire shift Appearance Guidelines Women Fingernails should not exceed ¼ inch beyond the fingertip, and polish must be a solid color that is complementary to your skin tone. No charms or decals are allowed. Hair must be one solid natural color, and should be styled in a classic, easy to maintain style. Hair accessories must be a neutral color (silver, gold, black or brown) or a solid color that matches your attire. No visible tattoos or body piercings are allowed (with the exception of earrings-see below). Jewelry should be limited to a wristwatch, one ring per hand, and one pair of earrings (only stud earrings dime sized or smaller and worn on the bottom of the earlobe).
Clean & well maintained uniforms must be worn at all times.  Men Other than clean shaven, a fully grown mustache, fully grown goatee, or a fully grown beard is permissible. All other facial hair styles are prohibited. Hair must be one solid, natural color and must be neatly cut. It should not cover or extend beyond any part of the ears or the shirt collar. No visible tattoos or body piercings are allowed. Any tattoos must be covered by your uniform or other means agreed upon by management. Jewelry should be limited to a wristwatch and one ring per hand.
Clean & well maintained uniforms must be worn at all times
Fixed Route Driver

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now ×  Job Summary: The Keolis Bus Operator will transport our customers in a safe and prudent manner, in accordance with all city, county, state and federal laws, as well as company rules and policies. They will care for our customers by assisting all persons in their  care. Keolis bus drivers operate on an assigned route transporting passengers to and from designated locations and stops, as well as related activities in a safe and timely manner.  Qualifications: Keolis  is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or protected veteran status. CandidateCare ©2013-2018 powered by Avesta This site requires JavaScript for full functionality. See instructions to enable JavaScript in your browser
TX- Cashier (Fort Worth)

   Lanier Parking Solutions has an immediate need for customer oriented Cashiers at our Forth Worth, TX parking operation! Enthusiasm and a passion for customer service are the key attributes that we are looking for in a Cashier as you will be the first contact our customers have of Lanier. This position pays 10.00/hr.  Shifts will be anytime Monday through Saturday PM shifts so a flexible schedule is a must! Employee must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. QUALIFICATIONS / REQUIREMENTS: If you are an exceptional person looking for a challenge, please apply online below. Please note that Lanier does not accept paper applications or walk-in applications. Only applicants that complete the online application in its entirety will be considered.  An Equal Opportunity Employer Choose: Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Account Executive - Publisher Development


Part-time Reset Merchandiser

COMPANY SUMMARY: Hensley Beverage Company is a multi-generational, family-owned, local Arizona beverage wholesaler that distributes a wide portfolio of beverages, including Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI) beers, top selling local and regional craft beers, premium non-alcohol beverages, and an extensive assortment of award winning fine wines and spirits. We maintain a fine lineup of world class products, and even more importantly, a strong team of world class people. To learn more about our brands please visit: http://hensley.com/portfolio/hensley-complete-portfolio/ POSITION SUMMARY: We are looking for part-time Merchandiser/Reset individuals to join our team and assist with analyzing sales and space of Hensley products in all assigned licensed retail establishments. You will assist with maintaining and improving our shelf space at various grocery and convenience stores throughout Tucson. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. HOURS: Hours will fluctuate based on types of projects and customer needs. Typically resets will be about 30 hours per week. When speaking with a recruiter, let them know your availability. When working on reset projects starting times for resets are typically around 5am to 1pm (Monday-Friday). It is important that our reset teams are willing to be flexible with their schedules and stay until the job is complete. REQUIREMENTS LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspond with pertinent co-workers. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of the organization. MATHEMATICAL/ANALYTICAL SKILLS Ability to count missing cases/product on shelves and accurately keep track. REASONING ABILITY Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several unanticipated but common variables in everyday situations. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS Must maintain a current drivers license. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, talk and listen. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk and handle objects throughout the day. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and frequently lift and/or move more than 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, and the ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Culinary Arts Intern (Dining Services)

 Culinary Arts Intern (Dining Services) - 501003 SUMMARY: The Culinary Intern is an entry level kitchen position. Working under direction, Culinary Intern prepares food in quantity, and is responsible for maintaining high standards for food quality while practicing proper sanitation, food safety, and cooking procedures. RESPONSIBILITIES: In the assigned unit, this position may perform some or all of the following: Operations: Additional Duties: WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL EFFORT: This position requires long periods of standing and walking, and the ability to lift 50 lbs., in conditions that are often, hot, humid, or cold. Must be able to safely use and operate typical kitchen tools and equipment. Must be able to work outdoors in varying weather conditions, on occasion. QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: WORK HOURS: SALARY STRUCTURE:
Pay Grade 1
To see more detailed salary information please review the University of Richmond's Compensation Structure. For more information about the award-winning, all-you-care-to-eat Heilman Dining Center, please visit: http://dining.richmond.edu/locations/heilman/ Located minutes from downtown Richmond, Virginia, the University of Richmond (www.richmond.edu) blends the intimacy of a small college with exceptional academic, research, and cultural opportunities usually found only at large institutions. Richmond offers a unique combination of undergraduate and graduate programs. Our School of Arts & Sciences anchors Richmond as a nationally ranked liberal arts university. A ranked business school, the nation’s first school of leadership studies, a highly respected law school, a nationally recognized international education program and the community-focused School of Professional and Continuing Studies build on that strong foundation and make this university something unique. UR is committed to developing a diverse faculty, staff and student body, and to modeling an inclusive campus community which values the expression of differences in ways that promote excellence in teaching, learning, personal development and institutional success. In keeping with this commitment, our academic community welcomes candidates from diverse backgrounds and candidates who support diversity. EOE Email this Job Ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:

*Separate each recipient email address with a comma. Recipient email address(es): Your First Name: Your Last Name: Select which language the email should be sent in. 
AWS Enterprise Service Manager - Enterprise Accounts

 Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
LA Temporary Customer Service Representative

       
Field Service Technician


GA- Valet (Kennestone)

  Lanier Parking has an immediate need for high energy valets for our Kennestone operations in Marietta, GA.  These exciting positions are for the right people with compassion, enthusiasm and lots of energy! We will train you to valet the "Lanier Way" to help you grow in your career as a Lanier Valet. Enthusiasm, a passion for customer service, and a desire to help others are key attributes that we are looking for in a Lanier Valet as you will be the first and sometimes only contact the guest has with Lanier and our client. The Valet Attendant ensures the safe and efficient parking of guest vehicles while delivering service that exceeds our customer/client’s expectations.  The Valet Attendant is responsible for responding quickly to customers’ requests and providing caring interactions with all guests at their assigned location. The Valet Attendant works closely with fellow team members, Operations Manager, and/or Shift Supervisor to ensure that
quality and safety standards are met at all times as well as adhering to state and local laws.

This position pays $8.00 / hour + tips!  The schedule will be varying times Sunday-Saturday. A flexible availability to include days, nights, weekends, and holidays is a MUST! Employee must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. To become an integral part of the Lanier Valet team you will need: If you are an exceptional person looking for a new challenge, we are looking forward to receiving your application!  Please note, Lanier only accepts completed online applications. An Equal Opportunity Employer Choose: Please Answer ALL Questions Below Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Adjunct: Education

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Adjunct: Education The Valdosta campus of Georgia Military College is now hiring adjunct professors in the following discipline: Education Applicant must hold a Masters degree with 18 graduate semester hours or 30 quarter hours in the teaching discipline. Teaching experience is highly preferred. Applicant must be willing to teach day, evening, and/or weekend courses. Contracts are for 8 weeks; renewable upon availability of classes and satisfactory job performance.

The review process will commence immediately and continue until the necessary positions have been filled.

Include with your submission; letter of interest, current resume or CV, three letters of reference, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a copy of unofficial transcripts. Start date: October 3, 2017 *Criminal background check and drug screen must be cleared before any candidate may begin working. Georgia Military College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. -Master's degree -18 graduate level semester hours/30 graduate level quarter hours in the discipline advertised -Teaching experience preferred
Unit Coordinator/Dialysis/Outpatient


SVP, Account

Who we are: We’re a tight-knit team in LA backed by the support of a global agency. We embrace the bold and fight for great ideas above all else. We're hard-working folks of all disciplines who create immersive digital destinations and compelling creative for our clients. Best of all, we pride ourselves on being asshole-free and have just been named a Best Place to Work in Los Angeles. So, check out our work. Stalk us on social. Best of all, ask someone you know who works here. And join us in creating world-class work that works. Who we are looking for: POSSIBLE LA is looking for an SVP, Account for one of our agency’s largest entertainment and media accounts. In this newly created role you’ll act as a trusted client advisor and oversee a high-profile engagement focused on customer retention and loyalty. This individual is responsible for overseeing this large-scale account, leading and mentoring a group of account directors, and driving organic growth. You will maintain strategic top-level relationships helping to guide our client with knowledge and solutions appropriate for their business, industries and trends, while maintaining overall client satisfaction. You will collaborate with key team members across disciplines in various POSSIBLE offices who service our client to deliver the highest quality work. Consistent travel to Atlanta and Seattle will be necessary for your long-term success. You will be an integral part of the LA Executive and Regional Client Service teams. You will work closely with and report in to our LA Managing Director and the Global Account EVP and assist in setting the direction of client service standards. What you'll do: What you'll need: About POSSIBLE: POSSIBLE is a creative agency that cares about results. We back up every idea with real-world insights to create work that makes a difference—and makes a measurable impact. With more than 1,500 employees around the globe, POSSIBLE brings results-driven digital solutions to some of the world’s most dynamic brands, including Microsoft, AT&T, Nestle, P&G, Adidas, and Turner. By design, we are visionaries, innovators, and pioneers. If that describes you too, then by all means, get in touch—we’d love to work with you. POSSIBLE is a WPP Digital agency. Follow POSSIBLE on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 Twitter: https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. To ensure that we understand the diversity of our candidates we ask that you voluntarily respond to the question about Ethnicity. You are not required to self-identify and your reply will not impact your consideration for employment at POSSIBLE. To ensure that we understand the diversity of our candidates we ask that you voluntarily respond to the questions about your ethnicity. You are not required to self-identify and your reply will not impact your consideration for employment at POSSIBLE. This service will collect personal data that you voluntarily provide for purposes of considering you for employment with Possible Worldwide, LLC (“POSSIBLE”) or its affiliates. In connection with this purpose, your information may be viewed, shared and evaluated by appropriate personnel at POSSIBLE. POSSIBLE engages various vendors to operate this service and assist POSSIBLE in its human resources activities, and such vendors will have access to your personal data, but only to provide services to POSSIBLE. We encourage you to read our Privacy Policy, which further describes our information collection and use practices. Further, the servers that store your information may be maintained in the United States of America (“USA”) and/or other countries outside of your home country. By using the service, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your information to a destination outside of your home country, including outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and to those countries which the European Commission considers as not ensuring an adequate level of protection of your information in accordance with European data protection legislation. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.
Wound Care Coordinator


Inside Sales Representative

 TopLine Strategies is an award-winning CRM and marketing technology application integrator, and rated one of the best places to work in the southwest. The TopLine Strategies team is looking for a self-motivated, enthusiastic, career-motivated individual with excellent communication skills. This individual will be responsible for lead generation within our target market. These efforts include researching target accounts and contacts, and actively calling and emailing to arrange appointments for the outside sales team. Achievement is recognized; exceeding monthly sales appointment objectives, and initiating appointments that yield revenue results is rewarded with incentives and bonuses. The successful candidate will have a proven track record of performance, be passionate about technology, and pride themselves on being positive and persistent. The Inside Sales Representative will be trained on the technology staffing and the technology services industry. Location: Scottsdale, AZ Essential Functions: Education and Work Experience Requirements: Desired Skills/Experience: Targeted Annual Earnings: We deliver the complete integration and development of sales, marketing and customer service technologies. TopLine Strategies’ project management is designed to achieve 100 percent user adoption of the technologies implemented, and deliver measurable returns on investment for clients. Whether our clients are searching for an expert firm to analyze and execute a critical project, employees to augment an information technology team or contractors to assist with technology needs, we deliver on-time, cost-effective solutions that optimize client results. Over the years, our methods have remained the same: establish long-term relationships, assess requirements, research and analyze options, recommend appropriate solutions, implement, integrate and optimize performance. Copyright © 2016-2017 TopLine Strategies. All rights reserved. We deliver the complete integration and development of sales, marketing and customer service technologies. TopLine Strategies’ project management is designed to achieve 100 percent user adoption of the technologies implemented, and deliver measurable returns on investment for clients. Whether our clients are searching for an expert firm to analyze and execute a critical project, employees to augment an information technology team or contractors to assist with technology needs, we deliver on-time, cost-effective solutions that optimize client results. Over the years, our methods have remained the same: establish long-term relationships, assess requirements, research and analyze options, recommend appropriate solutions, implement, integrate and optimize performance.
Safety Coordinator


Public Relations Manager

Communications and Public Affairs San Francisco, California  Nest is seeking an experienced public relations professional to help build the profile of Nest’s award winning products. This is a great opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment on products that can make a positive difference in people’s lives. Experience in the technology industry, and a passion for great products is a must. The work: Minimum qualifications: Preferred qualifications:  
Entry Level Auto Liability Determination Adjuster

Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.  Job Description  Allstate Insurance Company has an exceptional career opportunity for an Entry Level Auto Liability Determination Adjuster in Pittsburgh, PA!  About the Position

Under general supervision, this job is responsible for investigations into minor single- and multi- car auto accidents to determine liability. The individual maintains a good working relationship with policy holders while establishing credibility for the company through the quality of work and thoroughness of the investigations. The individual sets customer expectations, communicates timelines for investigation and explains applicable laws and coverages. The individual also takes recorded statements, resolves loss of use issues, makes payments to appropriate parties. About the Team

The Claims Department is here to restore peoples’ lives after the unexpected has happened. We work to deliver compassionate service that is fast, fair and easy. Putting our customers first to resolve their claim and taking the stress out of the situation is our goal.
This is your chance to help make a meaningful difference in people’s lives.  Join the thousands of people who work in the claims industry in highly stimulating work that will require you to assimilate data, evaluate facts and negotiate solutions to complex problems.  Every day presents different learning and growth opportunities.  You will gain a broad range of professional skills that will be equally applicable and highly valuable no matter where your career takes you. Specific responsibilities include

Customer Service File Documentation and Reporting Coverage, Liability and Evaluation Negotiation and Settlement Guidance  Job Qualifications  The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC  Follow Us Allstate Insurance Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran or any other protected status. Ⓒ 2017 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
International Tax Intern

Copyright © 2015 BDO USA LLP. All rights reserved. BDO USA, LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership, is the U.S. member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.
Floral Clerk

 Job Title: Floral Clerk FLSA: Non-Exempt Department: Floral General Function Provides prompt, efficient and friendly customer service. Creates beginning levels of design work floral arrangements and fills necessary merchandising needs. Assists customers with placing orders and completes the paperwork. Takes deliveries and makes delivery lists. Reporting Relations Accountable and Reports to: Store Director, Managers GM, Perishables, and Store Operations, Assistant Managers, Floral Manager, Assistant Floral Manager Direct Reports: None Primary Duties and Responsibilities Secondary Duties and Responsibilities  Education and Experience Less than High School or six months or less of similar or related work experience. Physical Requirements Ÿ Must be able to physically perform medium work: exerting up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and 20 pounds of force frequently, and 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects Ÿ Visual requirements include vision from less than 20 inches to more than 20 feet with or without correction, depth perception, color vision, and field of vision Ÿ Must be able to perform the following physical activities: Climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, reaching, standing, walking, pulling, lifting, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing, and repetitive motions Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Worker Characteristics • Must have the ability to solve practical problems; variety of variables with limited standardization; interpret instructions • Ability to do arithmetic calculations involving fractions, decimals, and percentages • Must have the ability to file, post, and mail materials; copy data from one record to another; interview to obtain basic information; guide people and provide basic direction  Working Conditions The duties for this position are normally conducted in a store environment. There is significant pressure to meet deadlines and handle multiple priorities. There is exposure to dirt, noise, equipment movement hazards, chemicals/solvents, electrical shock, and dampness. Equipment Used to Perform Job Standard tools and equipment used in a floral environment including computer, underwater cutter, wire cutter, pricing gun, dosetron, scissors, knives, pick machine, register system, helium tank, and telephone Contacts Has daily contact with the general public and customers, weekly contact with suppliers/vendors Confidentiality Maintains confidentiality on orders placed (including who sent, who received, order, and cost). Hy-Vee, Inc. is an employee-owned corporation operating 240 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $9.3 billion annually. Hy-Vee ranks among the top 25 supermarket chains and the top 50 private companies in the United States. Supermarket News, the authoritative voice of the food industry, has honored the company with a Whole Health Enterprise Award for its leadership in providing services and programs that promote a healthy lifestyle. © 2009-2018 Recruitics, Inc. All rights reserved Post your Job Here
Crew Leader (Forestry)

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account. The salary listed on this job posting is the starting salary range; amount offered will depend upon qualifications.

For information related to Essential Functions, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required to Perform Work, and Working Conditions & Hazards of this position, click here.  Locate and click on the position title to view the job classification specification. For evaluation purposes, acceptable qualifying experience for all positions must have been in a paid capacity unless noted otherwise in the minimum qualifications for the posted position. Additionally, 30+ hours per week will be counted as full-time employment and will receive full credit for the amount of time employed.  A minimum of 15 through 29 work hours per week will be counted as part-time employment and will receive half credit for the amount of time employed. Vacancies currently available in the following department(s):
Public Works & Transportation EDUCATION: To view the employee benefits offered by the City of Dallas click here. Required Question
Technology Internship

At CardConnect, we share a collective drive about improving the future of payments. We’re always looking for talented people to come on board and help us to improve the future of payments. The Merchant Solutions Representative is responsible for responding to customer inquiries accurately and in a time-sensitive manner. The representative will work both individually and in a team setting taking calls, emails and requests through an internal tracking system from clients and sales groups of CardConnect. *We are also currently looking for two bilingual (English / Spanish) candidates that can work a 12pm-9pm shift.  King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The CardPointe Support Specialist provides Tier 1 support for CardConnect's gateway products and software, as well as terminal activations and deployment. The specialist provides expertise in the day-to-day functionality of software and products while working closely with clients to determine their needs, gather relevant client data, customize and deliver training. This individual will also coordinate with the CardConnect team to ensure delivery of high quality products and customer service. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The Software Test Engineer (STE) role is central to the business and technology mission of CardConnect. Specifically, the STE will design, implement, execute and report on tests that exercise all aspects of CardConnect software during development projects and prior to implementation. It is expected that these tests will include considerable automation of Web Services (JSON/REST, SOAP) that can be integrated into the overall build and deployment process.     King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive We are looking for a results-driven Sales Consultant to be responsible for all sales activities, from lead to active accounts. The Sales Consultant is expected to make 50 calls per day and have 90 minutes of talk time with potential leads. The successful candidate is expected to meet or exceed company standards, achieve sales goals and consistently meet clients’ expectations. Honolulu, HI full-time Competitive The Software Engineering role is central to the business mission of CardConnect. The developer will architect, develop, test and support the software components that implement the features and functions that differentiate CardConnect from other payment processors. This role requires initial and continued education on all Payment Card Industry features, functionality, specifications and standards. A mindset of heightened security is instrumental in the success of this role and CardConnect’s technology solution.  King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The Business Data Analyst will work with CardConnect’s Information Management (IM) team on collecting, organizing, interpreting, managing and analyzing large amounts of data to support our agent Residuals program. The successful candidate will be involved in the operational, analytical and financial aspects of our monthly commission process. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The Integrated Support Specialist is responsible for actively driving and managing the operational stage of the sales process, working in conjunction with the Sales and Integration teams as the key resource in advancing potential customers through the integration phases and providing support ongoing. The Integrated Support Specialist must be able to articulate technology and processes to both business and operational users. The candidate must be able to proactively manage the sales process and ensure timely delivery throughout, while also establishing and maintaining strong relationships throughout the sales cycle - both internally and externally.             full-time Competitive *This role is being offered in our Denver, CO or King of Prussia, PA office. At CardConnect, we’re totally focused on innovating tech in the payments industry. As an Oracle ETL developer, you will join a small cross-functional team working on data integrations, analysis and reporting. We’re looking for someone who is passionate about data and its impact on business needs and has some hands on experience with PL/SQL kit. Our culture is high energy – so ideal candidates must have an ability to assume ownership with the guts to try, fail and then recover. Bring your ideas, intellect and passion for your work and help us deliver solutions from design concept to deployment. This role will have internal visibility so understanding the business and industry is just as important as technical skills; come be an impact player for us. Denver, CO full-time Competitive The Integrated Support Specialist is responsible for quarterbacking the independent software vendor (ISV) onboarding process from the time a partner decides to integrate with CardConnect through the life of the relationship. The successful candidate will manage the ISV pipeline and drive various teams through proactive communication. The Integrated Support Specialist must be able to articulate processes to both business and operational users while also providing ongoing support to external partners for operational issues and questions. S/he must be able to establish and maintain strong relationships throughout the sales cycle - both internally and externally.  Denver, CO   The Implementation Specialist is responsible for executing new software integrations with prospective channel partners and diagnosing issues throughout the integration process. S/he will provide ongoing, post-integration support as an escalation path for independent software vendors (ISVs). The Implementation Specialist must be able to articulate technology and processes to both business and operational users, while proactively managing the integration process and ensuring timely delivery throughout. King of Prussia, PA Denver, CO   (Entry Level Position) The Junior Product Integration and Support Specialist provides technical support for customers integrating to CardConnect’s products and services. Primary responsibilities include software integration, support, testing and problem resolution. The successful candidate will work closely with clients and colleagues to determine their needs, gather relevant data, coordinate, customize and deliver training and interface with the software development teams to ensure delivery of high quality products and service. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The CardConnect Tech internship program offers the opportunity to gain hands-on experience working for a technically advanced organization. You will work with a team of CardConnect Tech professionals using leading-edge systems and tools to create innovative solutions. You will also have the opportunity to learn more about CardConnect and future job opportunities with us as we learn more about you. The Tech Intern will have responsibilities in the area of day-to-day operational support including opportunities to work on projects. The Tech Intern will work to support a variety of departments including: King of Prussia, PA full-time  CardConnect’s Boarding / Implementation Representatives are responsible for taking merchant applications submitted from our sales groups and entering them into the appropriate network, allowing merchants to be able to accept credit card payments. The representatives are also responsible for building terminal and software downloads for the sales groups to connect to the credit card processing service. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive CardConnect’s technology infrastructure department is seeking a Systems Administrator. The right candidate will be a self-starting, results-driven achiever capable of driving multiple projects at a time. This position requires assisting product development and testing teams, supporting production platforms and participating in on-call rotations. The ideal candidate should have a strong technical background and be comfortable learning new technologies as the landscape evolves. Exceptional troubleshooting skills are critical. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive CardConnect is now welcoming sales professionals with a proven track record of merchant card sales to our exclusive W2 direct sales team of 'CardConnect Aces'  As a CardConnect Ace, you’ll report directly to Senior Vice President of Direct Sales, David O’Day
to earn the bigger piece of the pie you deserve without the burden of middle managers (or micromanagement). After all, we all know that removing the middleman will always improve your business. You’ll also sell cutting edge, nimble technology with more integrations, more advantages and more residuals to grow your bottom line faster! Remote full-time Competitive Cardconnect’s Product Team is seeking a Product Associate to help grow our existing payments platform, as well as drive the delivery of future enhancements. The Product Associate will be a detail oriented, persistent achiever who is capable of attending to multiple projects at a time. While collaborating with various internal and external groups, the successful candidate will become a conduit of information within various feedback loops. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive The CardConnect ISV team is focused on expanding our software developer tools for our integration with the First Data platform. First Data is deepening its engagement with independent software vendors (ISVs), value-added resellers (VARs), software developers, system integrators and other market participants to expand commerce capabilities around the globe. Our ISV Support team assists ISVs with integrating to First Data technologies and then through their entire relationship with First Data, ensuring minimal churn and maximized lifetime value. The primary function of ISV Support is to act as the principal interface with the partner throughout the project lifecycle with full accountability for the successful outcome. The candidate will deliver a portfolio of projects ranging in levels of complexity. With a passion for ISV success, a Support representative must possess expert knowledge to identify opportunities for change and the ability to convey the need for change. S/he must continually seek and capitalize upon opportunities to increase partner satisfaction and deepen partner relationships. Denver, CO full-time Competitive The Pentaho Developer will work with CardConnect’s Information Management (IM) team to support our Residuals Integration Program. The successful candidate will work closely with various internal departments and external partners. Denver, CO full-time Competitive The Sales Operations Coordinator is responsible for responding to customer inquiries accurately and in a time sensitive manner. The successful candidate will work both individually and in a team setting taking calls, emails and requests from merchants, partners and sales groups within CardConnect. Note: This position is open for either or Kansas City or Denver office. Kansas City, KS Denver, CO full-time Competitive We are looking for a results-driven sales person to sell First Data’s ISO programs, including Retail, Wholesale and FSP (processing only). This person will also be expected to facilitate interest in First Data’s industry leading class of value added products and services. The successful candidate will develop and maintain a sales pipeline of potential clients from contacts, inbound leads, trade shows and proactively generating interest (i.e., cold calling, social media, etc). S/he will be expected to lead the sales process and coordinate with internal resources as needed to close deals. In addition to performing the activities required to achieve agreed upon sales goals, the candidate will provide organized status reports of current sales efforts and keep current on customer/prospect needs, industry events and technology and competitive practices. *Note: This role can either be filled in King of Prussia, PA or remotely. King of Prussia, PA full-time Competitive Enter some basic details about you. And your message CardConnect is a registered ISO of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Concord, CA. and Synovus Bank, USA, Columbus, GA. © Copyright 2018 CardConnect. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.
Stock Associate - The Mills at Jersey Gardens - Carter's


Parts Worker

 Mustang Cat, the authorized Caterpillar earthmoving equipment, power systems, and vocational truck dealer in Southeast Texas, has one single focus: partnering with our customers to help them sold their toughest problems.  As a Cat dealer with more than 60 years of experience, we have dedicated ourselves to providing customers complete solutions for all their equipment needs.  Mustang’s reputation is built upon solving our customers’ problems and providing world-class service.  Our heritage of innovation and relentless pursuit of continuous improvements is focused on improving our customer’s business and being an asset to the communities we serve. The primary responsibility of this position is to pull parts orders for customers, shops, and branch locations both manually (by hand) and using a forklift. This position is also responsible for maintaining a clean and safe work environment. This position requires a high school graduate or equivalent. Qualified candidates will have 1 – 2 years experience operating a forklift, experience working in a warehouse environment, and basic math skills. Must be able to demonstrate safe practices while operating a forklift. Mustang Cat has many exciting opportunities for exceptional people who want a career with an industry leader.  If you are looking for a solid, growth-oriented company with a commitment to its customers and its employees, Mustang Cat is the place for you.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Nissan Apprentice Program


Crew Member

Responsibilities Skills and Experience Job Type: Part-time Salary: $11.00 /hour » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to New Sandwich Concept - Quick Serve Restaurant. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
MEDIA TECHNICIAN, College of Communication, Technology

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. MEDIA TECHNICIAN, College of Communication, Technology Perform a wide variety of technical duties in College of Communication. Areas include general classrooms, specialty spaces with a focus on broadcast studios (Television, Cinema, and Radio), and labs. This employee provides immediate assistance to faculty and classes using these spaces to ensure uninterrupted instruction and usage. Must be proficient in classroom AV systems, broadcast studio equipment, and Mac OS usage. Must have a working knowledge of NLE editing systems (Premiere, Avid, FCPX, etc) and Adobe CS Suite Applications, among others. This position is responsible for monitoring student usage of COM facilities in off-peak times as well as performing end-of-day shutdown and ongoing maintenance. Occasionally provide basic training to novice users. Please note: this position is scheduled from 1:00pm to 9:30pm, Monday - Friday. Associate's degree, strong knowledge of computer, video and camera equipment, and one to three years of experience.  CURRENT BOSTON UNIVERSITY EMPLOYEES Represented by L2324 click here to apply for this position. All other applicants (both internal and external), please use the {Apply} section on this page.  We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.
Wholesale Insurance Underwriting Assistant

(610) 296-7900
joinus@jonusgroup.com  © 2013-2016 The Jonus Group All rights reserved.
Sitemap HTML | Sitemap XML
Serving the local areas of: New England, the North East, Mid-Atlantic, the South East, the Mid West and the South.
Assistant – Human Resources

Website HUSCOintl HUSCO International This position is located in Whitewater, WI. It is a part time position, averaging about 15 hours a week. HUSCO International seeks conscientious, detail-oriented and organized Administrative Assistant for our HR function.  This individual will support the activities of the HR staff.  Key responsibilities include filing, data entry, written and verbal correspondence with employees and new employee orientations.  Serves as a resource for employees and management with regard to policies, procedures, and benefits.  Strong communication skills, confidentiality and accuracy are critical. HUSCO is committed to building an environment for employees to be able: PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS  (HUSCO INTERNATIONAL IS PROUD TO BE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER) To apply for this job please visit the following URL: https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=huscintinc&jobId=98298&lang=en_US&source=CC3 → ©2018 HUSCO International
Assistant Store Mgr Service

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   Pinpoint where you'll be this spring using our Lowe's locations map and take advantage of a seasonal gig that has full-time benefits. Lowe's has been named a recipient of the 2016 Freedom Award, given to employers who show exceptional support for National Guard and Reservist employee See the way’s Lowe’s Heroes employee volunteers give back to the communities they call home. Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
Night Supervisor

Job Summary
:
The Night Supervisor is responsible for the complete operations of the store when a more senior level manager is not present.  This position will be scheduled primarily on 3rd shift to manage tasks that are typically reserved for nighttime shifts, occasionally position will be scheduled on 2nd shift based on business needs. This position will make appropriate recommendations to the store management team regarding any store concern or opportunity.  Where applicable, this position will assist the management team with managing the fuel offer. Principal Duties: Essential Functions: Basic Qualifications: Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification.  These statements are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of the personnel so classified. » See all jobs at this location
Host/Hostess/Busser

We are Cerca Trova Restaurant Concepts, the largest franchisee of Outback Steakhouse. Outback Steakhouse is an Australian theme restaurant that opened in March of 1988. At Outback Steakhouse we take food seriously, without forgetting the fun and we are proud to do things uniquely and strive to positively impact the lives of our people we call “Outbackers”. We believe if you treat people “Just Right” then success is sure to follow. It’s a culture of respect and camaraderie that breeds enthusiasm. We start with indulging each customer like a guest in our own home. We continue by committing to the success of each and every Outbacker to be trained to the best of their ability. Thank you for your interest in career opportunities at Outback Steakhouse.

Outback Steakhouse is always looking for dedicated, fun-loving people to help make our restaurants a success.

POSITION DETAILS Physical Requirements Language and Reasoning Skills If you need any accommodation from the Company to enable you to perform essential job functions, please notify us.

Outback Steakhouse prohibits the use of drugs and alcohol while in the workplace or on restaurant property. Also, sexual harassment and harassment based upon race, color, national origin, religion age, gender, sexual preference or disability is prohibited and will not be tolerated. Outback Steakhouse is an Australian steakhouse restaurant. Although beef and steak items make up a good portion of the menu, we offer a variety of chicken, ribs, seafood, and pasta dishes. The Company’s strategy is to differentiate its restaurants by emphasizing consistently high-quality food and service, generous portions at moderate prices and a casual atmosphere suggestive of the Australian Outback. The success of Outback is the result of our Principles and Beliefs. If we take care of our people-Outbackers, customers, suppliers, neighbors and partners-then the institution of Outback will take care of itself. These principles and beliefs determine how we do our jobs and conduct our business.We are always looking for dedicated, fun-loving people to help make our restaurants a success! Cerca Trova Restaurant Concepts Inc. is a franchisee of Outback Steakhouse and an Equal Opportunity Employer $(document).ready(function () { $.iframeHeightExternal(); });
Aquatic Coordinator

 If no jobs appear, click here.  The YMCA is a 501(c)(3)
nonprofit organization dedicated to
Youth Development, Healthy Living,
and Social Responsibility.
Janitorial crew member needed - i85 Exit 111 Lawrenceville S...

Work location is at a Family Entertainment Center Work Schedule: 4am to 8am (Only Schedule available) 6 Day work schedule (Off 1 day during the week) ( All Employees are required to work weekends) Job Details: Listed below is the work detail of work that is completed at the location Pay Schedule: Transportation: Job Type: Part-time Salary: $10.50 to $11.50 /hour Job Location: Required experience: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Millennium Maintenance. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Guest Service Agent

Greet, register and service guests in a friendly and courteous manner according to hotel/brand and sustainability standards. Opportunity:  Guest Service Agent  Greet, register and service guests in a friendly and courteous manner according to hotel/brand and sustainability standards. Potential Career Path Front Desk Supervisor or Sales Coordinator – Front Office Manager or Sales Manger Position Requirements Experience Work Environment and Context  Hersha Hospitality Management (HHM) is an industry-leading and growing hotel management, investment, and development firm that provides turn-key management solutions to hotels across the United States.  HHM manages world class brands in the select service and full servicemarkets as well as a collection of independent, boutique hotels in key markets. Join the Legacy of Strength! Hersha’s legacy is built upon a strong foundation of core values: honesty, communication, community, personal growth and achievement.  Hersha’s rapid growth, focus on associate development and its commitment to serve our guests, our associates and the local communities we work in, combine to make Hersha associates the strongest in our industry. Serve. Stretch. Succeed. Hersha believes if you serve our guests, your fellow associates and our local community, stretch yourself on the job and take advantage of many promotional opportunities, you will ultimately achieve professional success. As we grow, you grow. 300 Tanger Drive
Terrell, TX 75160 (972) 563-7888 68 Rooms Holiday Inn Express & Suites Terrell Powered by Hospitality Online
Customer Service Representative - Mundelein, IL

for moving tips, specials & more!
Resident Assistant

Our Resident Assistants are caring and compassionate individuals that provide personal care and assist each resident in maintaining their independence. This position works within the Resident Services department, reporting to the Resident Services Coordinator and Resident Services Director. Sagora Senior Living is one of the top 50 senior housing operators in the United States offering independent living, assisted living, and memory care services. We are looking for compassionate and caring individuals to join our team to uphold our "Residents First" philosophy. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package along with additional company perks. If you are looking for a rewarding position and a great company culture, we urge you to apply!  Position details: Responsibilities:  Skills/Requirements: Please click on the link below to apply for this position. A new window will open and direct you to apply at our corporate careers page. We look forward to hearing from you! Your email has been sent! Send another message | Close this window Posted: 1/5/2018 Job Status: Full Time Job Reference #: 621270 Don't see a position for you? Join our Talent Community today to be considered for future roles.
Maintenance Worker

Several full-time Positions available with Water Services Pipeline Division located at 2409 E. 18th Street. Salary Range: $14.35-$22.70/hour
Work Location: Friday-Monday, 7:00 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. or Weekend Nights: Friday-Saturday, 5:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M. and Sunday, 5:00 P.M. to 5:30 A.M.
Application Deadline Date: January 29, 2018 Assists in the installation and repair of water mains, valves, hydrants, curb boxes and restoration work. Cuts pipe, lays/joints pipe, removes/installs valves, hydrants and curb stops. Manually digs and cleans job site and replaces safety and traffic control devices as well as other duties as required. REQUIRES high school graduation or 6 months of experience in general labor. May be required to possess a valid state issued driver’s license in accordance with City of KCMO policies. Must pass a pre-employment drug screen and post-offer physical examination as prescribed by the City. Preference given to applicants with high school diploma/GED. URGENT!!!  CRITICAL RECRUITMENT INFORMATION QUESTIONS REGARDING AVIATION POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE AVIATION DEPARTMENT AT 816-243-3010. POSITIONS POSTED FOR THE WATER SERVICES DEPARTMENT ARE FOR THE WATER SERVICES DEPARTMENT
ONLY
. QUESTIONS REGARDING THESE POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO 816-513-0253. IF YOU SEE THE
SAME
POSITION
TITLE POSTED FOR A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT, YOU MUST SUBMIT A SEPARATE APPLICATION TO BE CONSIDERED BY THE OTHER CITY DEPARTMENT. The evaluation of applications is based only on the information submitted by the application deadline. Therefore, in order to have your application properly considered, you should include all relevant dates, i.e., attendance at educational institutions, date degree(s) conferred, etc. Further, you should provide detailed description of relevant work experience/dates, including months/years of employment. Failure to submit a completed application may eliminate you from the selection process. Resumes may be filed to determine eligibility, but an official City application must be completed prior to appointment.

For positions requiring college education as part of the minimum requirement and/or an equivalency, the minimum education requirement is high school graduation. The requirement of  "high school graduation" also includes the state-issued GED certificate.

For positions that require an accredited degree, qualifying professional, responsible experience must be obtained AFTER receipt of the accredited degree.

Unless otherwise stated, the requirement of  "an accredited" degree includes only those degrees obtained from colleges or universities listed with the U. S. Department of Education and recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education.

If claiming military veterans preference points, you must attach a copy of your DD-214 or other qualifying documents prior to the application deadline.

Applications submitted in person or by USPS mail must be received by the published Application Deadline, 5:00P.M., C.T. Applications submitted by FAX or online must be received by the published Application Deadline, midnight, C.T.

All positions require successful completion of a pre-employment criminal history/background check. Non-residents, if appointed, must establish residency within the city limits of Kansas City, MO within nine months.

The City of KCMO is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. EOE.

POLICY OF NON DISCRIMINATION ON THE BASIS OF DISABILITY
The City of KCMO does not discriminate on the basis of disability in the admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs or activities. Any applicant requiring an accommodation should contact the Water Services Human Resources Division at (816) 513-0253.
Software Engineering Intern (Summer 2018)

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Software Engineering Intern (Summer 2018) Rocket Software is a leading global developer of software products that help corporations, government agencies and other organizations reach their technology and business goals. 1,300 rocketeers on five continents are focused on building and delivering solutions for more than 10,000 customers and partners.   This posting is for internships in Waltham, MA. Our Intern Program is open to candidates who are currently attending College/University and are working towards completion of a degree.   Rocket Software has internship (“Rocketship”) opportunities in Summer 2018 for college students’ currently studying computer science, mathematics, engineering or a related technical discipline. Candidates should have strong analytical backgrounds, be hardworking, energetic, articulate, open to new challenges, and willing to learn. The internship experience will provide an insider view of how a fast moving, innovative, and entrepreneurial company operates through an exciting and challenging work experience. Our interns will operate as a team to design and build, from the ground up, brand new and innovative applications related to text analytics, statistical analysis, and model based reasoning.  The “Rocketship” is also designed to give you multiple opportunities to interact with members of Rocket Software’s Executive Team, an invaluable chance to showcase your skills and start building a network of professionals for future internships or post-graduate work.  Our program includes participation in a professional development program together with other interns with a goal to develop and deliver an executive level presentation to senior members of Rocket Software’s Executive Team at the end of the summer.  This is a paid internship position.  Experiences & Responsibilities may include:   Rocket Software Inc. is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Rocket Software Inc. is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.   Rocket is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities.  If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please call: 781-577-4321 or send an email to hr@rocketsoftware.com.  We will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.  Rocket Software develops, licenses, and supports enterprise infrastructure software and solutions. Rocket services customers in all geographies through our worldwide sales force, support team, and R&D labs. Our customers deploy our products in these strategic infrastructure domains: application development, application modernization, business intelligence, compliance and security, consumer productivity, database servers, database tools, file transfer, mainframe productivity, network management, publishing and search, SOA and integration, storage management, terminal emulation, and text mining. © 2012 Rocket Software, Inc. All rights reserved. Rocket and the Rocket Software logos are registered trademarks of Rocket Software, Inc. Other product and service names might be trademarks of Rocket Software or other companies. 77 Fourth Avenue
Waltham, MA 02451-1468 t +1 781 577 4321
w www.rocketsoftware.com
e info@rocketsoftware.com Privacy Policy | Legal
Economic Support Specialist

 High School diploma, as well as a two-year post-secondary degree in business or human services; or two years of college (60 credits) in business or human services; or a current Economic Support Specialist who has successfully completed the State mandatory economic support training. Word processing skills are essential, with typing skills of 35 wpm strongly preferred. Knowledge of human behavior, motivation, crisis intervention, family and group dynamics, money management, interviewing and assessment skills, organizational and inter-personal skills are necessary. Excellent oral, interviewing and written communication skills. Basic everyday living skills are needed, as is the ability to understand and follow oral and written directions. Reading, writing, adding, and subtracting skills are needed.

Basic office equipment used: copy machine, computer terminal and printer, FAX machine, calculator, and telephone.
Emergency Dept Registration Rep- PRN

        
Leasing Agent


Field Technician- Summer Job


Insurance and Financial Services Position - State Farm Agent...

State Farm Insurance Agent located in Westland, MI is seeking an outgoing, career-oriented professional to join their team. As a State Farm team member for Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent, you will build and develop customer relationships within the community to promote State Farm products including auto, home and life insurance.   Compensation: $1,000 Monthly Draw  If you are motivated to succeed and can see yourself in this role, please complete our application. We will follow up with you on the next steps in the interview process. This position is with a State Farm independent contractor agent, not with State Farm Insurance Companies. Employees of State Farm agents must be able to successfully complete any applicable licensing requirements and training programs. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents’ employees are not employees of State Farm. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents' employees are not employees of the State Farm Insurance Companies. We are a very busy office and are looking for our next great team member. We are an established, growth-oriented agency with a team of highly motivated individuals. Our team works hard to reach our goals together as a team and have fun while we are doing it! If you want to work in an environment that is fun, challenging, and rewarding, then Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent may be the right fit for you! If you're willing to work hard and you expect to get results from yourself and those around you, we want to meet you and talk about the opportunity we have for you. Come work with an energetic, fun team at Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent!  (if you already have a resume on Indeed) * required fields | support@careerplug.com | Privacy Policy
Material Handler

Overall purpose of this position: 2. Major activities, which must be performed in order to carry out the purpose of the position as described above: 1. Specific knowledge, training or skills required to perform the duties of this position. Identify specific concepts, courses, training programs or required certifications. 2. Previous positions that are necessary background experience to qualify for this position. Alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:
Client Benefit Analyst


Medical Assistant (MA)/Lab Assistant - Recovery Room

        
Fire Agent


Accounting Consultant (Part Time)

       Byte sized big data News & Ideas (Big & Small) Press, Videos and Other Noteworthy Items Conferences and Events Tapad, in a nutshell Meet the Executive Team About the Tapad Board All locations & contact info  Tapad is home to the team that cracked the code on cross-device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary tech assimilates billions of data points to find the human relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, connected TVs and game consoles. With 91.2% data accuracy confirmed by Nielsen, Tapad offers the largest in-market opportunity for marketers and technologies to address the ever-evolving reality of media consumption across devices. 60 Madison Ave, 3rd Floor New York, NY 10010 © 2018 Tapad Inc. A Telenor Group company. All content on this site is property of Tapad Inc.
Warehouse Associate

We Deliver...Lower Cost, Quality Products, and Personal Service. Remember Me Register Login for Demo Forgot Password Print Catalog, electronic edition - Table of Contents: Download video in higher resolution (right-click and save) ← Back to Job Listings Job Description:  A Warehouse Associate at Elliott Electric Supply is someone that is highly motivated, is willing to learn, has a "can do" attitude, is friendly, and has a desire to promote.  If hired, you will be joining a solid warehouse team that is full of people that have good attitudes and want to promote within the company.  Each Warehouse Associate has his/her own responsibilities, but is willing to help others when needed in order for the store to succeed.  We train our employees so that they can understand their position well and we constantly look for each employee's strengths so that we can move our employees into positions that best fit their abilities. We work in a fast paced environment, so safety and attention to detail are very important to perform each position well.  There are plenty of other opportunities within the warehouse and beyond (counter sales, inside sales, outside sales, management, etc.) once you get experience and learn about each of the positions in the warehouse.  The employees at the Elliott Electric Supply like to have fun, the store has a family feel, management promotes from within, and we have a range of employees that have worked here from 5 - 30 years. Requirements:  If you like to work hard, learn new things, and want a career path with a very successful and growing company, then fill out an application and come join our team!  Please make sure to fill out the application as specifically as possible since we will be looking through many applications before we set up interviews.  Must be 21 years or older.  Must have a clean driving record (only 1 ticket in the last two years).  Strong work history at previous jobs.  Good attitude, honest, hard worker, desire to learn, able to take direction, and correction.    Job Type: Full-Time Contact: Gretchen Berger (972)206-0016 Location: Farmers Branch, TX (DFW RDC - 34) Apply For This Position © 2018 Elliott Electric Supply. All Rights Reserved.
Stockroom Associate

POSITION SUMMARY Stockroom Associates assist in the organized flow of work to and from the production floor. Pulling, sorting, and kitting electronic components (loose and on reels) and bare printed circuit boards. Returning unused materials back in stock. Use Manfact (ERP) and other various systems to track and search inventory/materials. Respond to window ticket material requests as needed. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSBILITIES To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.  Others duties may be assigned. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: SPECIFIC EDUCATIONAL/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. JOB SKILLS Monday - Friday 7- 3:30pm (some overtime) Great benefits package! Ability to read, write and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos in English. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients and other employees of the organization. Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. Ability to learn to execute transitions in Manfact and Microsoft Access. Able to prioritize and plan work activities to meet objectives. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations Our Culture   Our Team Customer Service: 301-620-0900 / InTouch@ACDI.com To meet our customers' requirements and exceed their expectations with personalized service and the highest level of customer responsiveness, while continually improving our processes, capabilities, and performance. Learn More Web Design by Matrix Group International
Medical Assistant (MA)/Lab Assistant - Laboratory

        
Head Start Health/Nutrition Aide Substitute

We serve people through a ministry of love, compassion, and mercy in the name of our Lord, Jesus Christ Title: Head Start Health/Nutrition Aide Substitute
Location: Saxton, PA Head Start/ Early Head Start is looking for a HEALTH/NUTRITION AIDE SUBSTITUTE  Responsibilities include:  Qualifications: This is a non-supervisory position that reports to the Health/Nutrition Manager. It is occasional and on an as needed basis during the school year.  Apply to: Human Resources 998 Logan Blvd. Altoona, PA  16602 FAX: (814) 696-4561   ALLEGHENY LUTHERAN SOCIAL MINISTRIES IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Copyright © 2018 alsm.org
Website Design & Website Hosting by IQnection
Light Housekeeper

Asheville, North Carolina, United States Part-time Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) is typically services long term care and nursing facilities and is now hiring a Light Housekeeper in your area! HCSG has a custom, state of the art training program! POSITION SUMMARY: QUALIFICATIONS: Additional Requirements: Healthcare Services Group, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Healthcare Services Group, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. Thanks for your time
Key Holder/Sales Associate

Just Cozy is the operator of holiday pop-up stores featuring an exclusive line of fashionable, affordable and comfortable women’s leggings and winter accessories featuring over 150 exclusive designs. Just Cozy began in 2014 in Canada and was met with huge success and acclaim from Canadian customers. We are now taking that success and building on it as we begin Just Cozy USA and are seeking motivated, driven retail professionals to join our team. Our team is highly collaborative, motivated, nimble, and dedicated to optimizing our business . . not because they have to, but because we want to and we LOVE TO WIN! We're serious about having fun at work. Our success is built on hard work, commitment to delivering great service to our customers and to exceeding our team goals and objectives. Just Cozy at the Village at Corte Madera is staying open until the end of January. Need self motivated and dependable team members. Join us as we create the next great American retail success story. The role of: Keyholder/Sales Associate Reports to: Store Manager General Purpose: The Keyholder is responsible for effectively opening and closing the store as well as driving sales and managing teammates and operations during a shift in a single Just Cozy store location. Our Keyholders create an engaging and fun experience for our customers and a challenging and rewarding opportunity for our associates. Successful Keyholders are driven, committed, interactive, KPI driven, high energy, “get it done” people and remain team oriented and customer focused. Essential Functions: Assemble your Team Create an Active Selling/Service Culture Deliver Profit - Achieve Operational Excellence Build the Just Cozy Brand Required Experience/Education/Certification/Skill set This Job Description is not all inclusive or all encompassing. Other duties may be required from time to time. Job Type: Full Time/Part Time Seasonal Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Job Type: Temporary Job Types: Part-time, Temporary Salary: $15.00 to $16.00 /hour Required education: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Just Cozy. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Greeter - Part time

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   Lowe’s has many unique workspaces across the globe. Check some out! See how Lowe’s partners with Toolbox for Education and Boys & Girls Club of America to improve the lives of youth across our nation. Lowe’s strong ethical practices help create a solid bond between employees and customers alike. Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
CENTER OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. CENTER OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN Center Operations Technician - Network Provisioning Center  About Frontier Communications Frontier Communications Corporation, now a Fortune 500 and S&P 500 company, is a leader in providing communications services to urban, suburban, and rural communities in 29 states. Frontier offers a variety of services to residential customers over its fiber-optic and copper networks, including video, high-speed internet, advanced voice, and Frontier Secure digital protection solutions. Frontier Business Edge offers communications solutions to small, medium, and enterprise businesses. Frontier's approximately 28,600 employees are based entirely in the United States. More information about Frontier is available at www.frontier.com.  Scope & Responsibilities This position is responsible for the provisioning and maintenance activity from the DS0 level up to SONET networks, as required to provide and maintain service. Interpret orders for service requirements, assign equipment, facilities and order plug-in cards for delivery to the central office. Analyze network facilities, special service circuits utilizing a variety of menu and non menu-driven systems to isolate repair problems and restore customer service. Utilize technical standards from TeleCordia in order to provide and maintain the service to the customer. Specific Responsibilities include, but not limited to: Hours – Flexibility to work in a 24x5 operation is expected Required Skills: Frontier is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   For more information please visit:  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm 
Maintenance Worker- Public Services

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.  INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL
NOT
BE PROCESSED. A RESUME WILL
NOT
BE CONSIDERED IN DETERMINING YOUR QUALIFICATIONS FOR THIS POSITION. The City of Fayetteville is currently recruiting for a Maintenance Worker to perform semi-skilled and skilled work in the construction, maintenance, repair and related technical tasks pertaining to  streets, stormwater maintenance and operations.  Any combination of experience and training that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the knowledge and abilities would be:


Experience
:
Less than one year of experience performing field maintenance work within the assigned area of work.


Training
:
Equivalent to completion of the twelfth grade.


LICENSING & CERTIFICATIONS



Required
:
Possession of, an appropriate valid driver's license and maintain insurability.


Preferred
:
Confined Space Entry certification, CPR certification, Flagger certification, Work Zone Safety certification, Forklift certification, Small Equipment Training completion.

From the time of closing, the hiring process is anticipated to last 3-4 weeks. The process will consist of a panel interview and a skills test with the successful candidate being subject to a pre-employment drug screen, physical abilities test, background check and driving history check.   The City of Fayetteville Employee Healthcare Benefit Plan provides comprehensive and affordable health and dental coverage while maintaining reasonable costs to employees. Coverage is available for all regular status employees scheduled to work 30 hours or more per week. Employees may also choose to cover eligible dependents. The premium is deducted on a pre-tax basis, with the City paying a portion of the premium. Qualifying employees are eligible for benefits on the 1st day of the month following 30 days of service.  Paid Vacation:
Employees earn vacation leave beginning the first day of employment, however, they are not eligible to take leave for 6 months. Leave accruals are based upon the number of years of service and the number of hours an employee is scheduled to work.  Paid Holidays:
The City of Fayetteville observes 11 paid holidays per calendar year. The approved holidays are New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veteran's Day, 2 days at Thanksgiving and 2 days at Christmas.  Sick / Funeral Leave:
Regular employees earn sick leave in proportion to the number of hours they are scheduled to work per week. Sick leave accruals begin the first day of employment. Sick leave can also be taken for deaths in your extended family. Sick leave hours accumulate without limits and may be used toward credible service upon retirement from the NC Local Government Retirement System.    The City assists our employees in securing their financial future during retirement by participating in the Local Governmental Employees' Retirement System, administered by the State of North Carolina. Regular status employees, scheduled to work 20 hours or more per week, become members in the retirement system upon employment. As a member of this system, employees are required to contribute 6 percent of their gross salary on a tax-deferred basis.    To further assist employees in saving for retirement, the City offers two supplemental retirement savings programs. These programs offer employees an opportunity to save a portion of their salary on a tax-deferred basis to supplement their retirement benefit. The programs offered are 401(k) Supplemental Retirement Income Plan and the ICMA 457 Plan.    Realizing that each employee may have different insurance needs, the City offers its employees the opportunity to supplement City-provided benefits by selecting from the benefits listed below. These benefits are offered at employee's expense through payroll deduction:  • Term Life Insurance (Pre-tax basis first $50,000 for employees) • Dependent Term Life Insurance • Critical Illness Insurance • Universal Life Insurance • Vision Insurance (Pre-tax basis) • Disability Insurance • Healthcare and Dependent Care Reimbursement Account (Pre-tax basis)    The first year an employee contributes to the retirement system, the city provides a death benefit of $3,000. After one year as a contributing member of the Retirement System, a death benefit is provided that is equal to the highest 12 months' salary in a row during the 24 months before death, no less than $25,000 and no more than $50,000. There is no cost to the employee for these benefits.    City employees are paid bi-weekly, every other Friday. As an added convenience and safety measure, the City requires all new employees to sign up for direct deposit of their payroll checks.    The EAP is available at no cost to all employees and their household members. The EAP provides confidential guidance on legal, financial and personal issues that could affect your health, relationships and job performance. Required Question
Credit Analyst II (Bucks County Regional)

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US. The Credit Analyst II is responsible for conducting in-depth industry and financial analysis of existing and potential borrowers. This job works cooperatively to support the Lending and Credit functions of the Bank. At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential. If you have a disability that requires an accommodation to complete the application process, please e-mail TD Bank's HR Compliance Department at hrcompliance@td.com. Please include your full name, contact information and details about your request within the e-mail. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
Operating Room Technician


Paraprofessional Library Assistant - Long Term Substitute

Username: Password: Enter your email to receive job alerts when new jobs like this one are posted. Weymouth Public Schools is committed to maintaining a work and learning environment free from discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, pregnancy, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital/civil union status, ancestry, place of birth, age, citizenship status, veteran status, political affiliation, genetic information or disability, as defined and required by state and federal laws. Additionally, we prohibit retaliation against individuals who oppose such discrimination and harassment or who participate in an equal opportunity investigation. The Weymouth Public Schools has moved to a paperless application process and appreciates your support in this effort. Please submit all required documentation via School Spring. Follow up/additional paperwork or emails are not necessary, as all applications are reviewed through SchoolSpring. If additional information is required, applicants will be contacted. Once all materials have been reviewed, applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. Thank you. There ARE NO application questions required FOR this job posting. The content you submit, offer, contribute, attach, post, or display (each a “Submission”) will viewed by other users of the service who may or may not be accurately representing who they are or who they represent. Do not include any sensitive data in your submissions. Any submission or any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the service or obtained by you through the use of the service is at your own risk. “Sensitive data” for purposes of this section means social security or other government-issued identification numbers, medical or health information, account security information, individual financial account information, credit/debit/gift or other payment card information, account passwords, individual credit and income information or any other sensitive personal data as defined under applicable laws. © 2015 PeopleAdmin, Inc.
Production Operator I

Collamer is a unique lens material created and used exclusively by STAAR®. To date, over 1 million Collamer lenses have been implanted. Investors description We are always looking for new talent to grow
our team all over the world MAIN JOB RESPONSIBILITIES / COMPETENCIES
1.    Thorough knowledge and appropriate implementation of basic production functions.
2.    Completes required production documentation accurately.
3.    Consistently meets quality and productivity targets.
4.    Appropriately follows company policies, rules, and regulations.
5.    Be able to interact well with others and work in a team environment.
6.    Maintain work area environment in a clean and orderly manner.
7.    Operate production related equipment.
8.    Other duties as assigned. REQUIREMENTS EDUCATION & TRAINING
•    Must possess a high school diploma or general education diploma (GED). EXPERIENCE
•    1 to 2 years experience in medical devices or other related industries required. SKILLS
•    Must be able to read, write and speak English.
•    Ability to take direction from lead/supervisor and other management and contribute to departmental goals.
•    Basic computer skills strongly preferred. STAAR Surgical is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Dublin Location Work Study Assistant

Position Type: Location: The Dublin Location Work Study Assistant will be responsible for performing general office and clerical duties at Franklin University’s Dublin Location.  Duties will include:  Answering telephones and greeting visitors; scheduling appointments and assist in the organization of classrooms and office spaces.  The work study assistant will assist with special projects to aid in recruitment, retention and advising and will complete other duties as assigned. Hours are flexible and will vary depending on the candidate’s availability. The ideal candidate will be able to work 20hours a week, Monday-Thursday, with availability for afternoon and evening hours.

Candidates should have 1-2 years of customer service experience.  The successful candidate will be have the ability to work independently and be self-directed and have strong problem solving and administrative skills.  Candidates must also have proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, internet and email as well as a strong attention to detail. All candidates must be current Franklin students, and have Federal Work Study eligibility. Review of applications begins immediately and continue until the position is filled.  To apply, please complete the online application and attach a resume.  The application can be accessed here: https://forms.franklin.edu/employment
Equal Opportunity Employer About Franklin University Founded in 1902, Franklin University has built its reputation on removing barriers to higher education for ambitious adults who must balance their educational goals with other commitments. Accredited and nonprofit, Franklin has earned its long-standing reputation as an innovator in online education. The University offers applied, in-demand undergraduate, master’s and doctorate programs that enable adult learners to achieve their educational and professional goals. From entrepreneurs to CEOs, more than 45,000 Franklin alumni can be found around the world contributing to the communities in which they live and work. Franklin University is committed to creating a respectful and inclusive educational and workplace environment. Franklin does not discriminate on the basis of age, religion, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, immigration status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or familial status, disability, or veteran or military status. 201 S Grant Ave.
Columbus, OH 43215 Local: 614.797.4700
Toll Free: 1.877.341.6300 admissions@franklin.edu Copyright 2018 Franklin University Franklin University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (1.800.621.7440) and authorized by the Ohio Department of Higher Education. This institution is authorized by the Indiana Board for Proprietary Education, 101 W. Ohio St., Suite 670, Indianapolis, IN 46204-1984. Franklin University is committed to being an inclusive community free from all forms of discrimination and harassment.
Insurance Sales Rep


Contracts Manager - Software Licensing

Here at TriTech, we’re proud to serve those who serve our community. We are the largest and fastest growing public safety software company in the world, servicing the needs of over 250 million citizens in over 13 countries. Currently in our Sorrento Valley headquarters, we are looking for an experienced, down to earth, expert negotiator to join our team as a Contracts Manager… If this sounds like you and is a mission you’re passionate about, come be a part of our growing and thriving organization! The Contracts Manager will review, prepare and respond to software licensing contract terms and conditions for customer bid documents as well as support sales in the negotiation of final contract terms and conditions in accordance with corporate policies and within acceptable risk level limits.  The Contracts Manager will provide direction and training to field sales personnel regarding contract documents and the contracting process as well as assist in training other team members. Here's an overview of the tasks and responsibilities: Interested? Here’s what we need from you: What we offer in return for all your great skills: What’s exciting beyond that? TriTech is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veterans/Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Individuals seeking employment at TriTech & Zuercher Technologies are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Business Controller

Travelzoo is a global media commerce company. With 25 offices and more than 28 million members in Asia Pacific, Europe and North America, we publish outstanding deals from over 2,000 travel, entertainment and local companies. A career at Travelzoo is more than a job -- it’s a calling. We love what we do and our team works hard to make an impact. The Business Controller for Travelzoo  will facilitate the development of our long-range plan and provide financial oversight to ensure alignment with overall business objectives. This is  a trustworthy person with a track record of thoughtful, rigorous and analytical discipline. The Business Controller is an exceptional leader who will ensure that the finance function plays an integral role in Company decision-making to drive optimal business results. The position is part of the North American management team and reports directly to the President of North America. Requirements: Requested: We offer: You are currently on the U.S. site edition. Travelzoo publishes top travel deals from hundreds of travel companies in countries around the world.
Part Time Merchandiser- Northern VA Market

 Gourmet Garden is seeking a part time (30 hrs./wk.) Merchandiser to support the newly acquired Gourmet Garden brand.  This new hire will work remotely in the Northern VA area market.  Gourmet Garden is headquartered in Folsom, California.  The Merchandiser will report to the Gourmet Garden Retail Sales Manager.  Gourmet Garden was recently acquired by McCormick & Co, Inc., a world leader in the spice, flavor and seasonings industry     POSITION OVERVIEW: This role involves visiting retail supermarkets to maintain display standards, stock levels and building in-store relationships in an assigned territory with the goal of increasing sales in all Gourmet Garden products.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:  Gourrmet Garden is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Project Coordinator/Green Building Construction


- Loan Operations Representative - Mortgage

SUMMARY: 1st Security Bank has an opportunity for a Loan Operations Representative to join our Service and Operations team in Mountlake Terrace. We are looking for a highly-motivated individual who shares our vision to wow customers with exceptional customer service and come to work every day with a positive, can-do attitude, provide exceptional customer service to all internal and external customers and work together with other team members to ensure all department responsibilities are completed daily.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following:  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE COMPUTER SKILLS To perform this job successfully, an individual should be proficient in Microsoft Office Products and other Database software.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Travel Auditor

Strategy and Management Services, Inc. (SAMS) offers a variety of enterprise-wide, complex services and solutions to our customers. Our team provides Federal agencies and industry partners with an enterprise-wide package of services backed by experience, solid financial health and a commitment to exceed our customer’s expectations. Our core competencies are Operations Support, Information Technology Services and Facilities Management & Operations Services.! Due to continued growth, SAMS is seeking a Travel Auditor to process travel claims submitted by the SAMS, Inc. client. Major areas of responsibility or tasks performed critical to success: The Travel Auditor will be responsible for validating and processing both domestic and international travel related expenses ensuring expenditures are within appropriate, allowable cost standards and meet all federal regulations and organizational practices. The candidate will also provide administrative support as required.  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS;  SAMS’ goal is to exceed expectations with people who make a difference. We provide clients with quality service coupled with a high level of professionalism and expertise. Our people are encouraged to be proactive and realize their full potential as valued members of the company. We also understand how important it is to have a supportive working environment and interact with great co-workers. If you possess a confident spirit, enjoy working in an energetic and flexible environment, then SAMS would love to talk with you. We offer professional growth and development opportunities and excellent benefits. Benefits: We are always looking for talented, innovative professionals who are passionate about their work and have demonstrated the right skills and work ethic to succeed in our entrepreneurial environment. Veterans – SAMS wants you! As a Service-Disabled, Veteran-Owned Small Business, SAMS appreciates your service and sacrifice. SAMS cordially invites all qualified and talented multiple disciplined veterans to apply.
Kitchen Assistant- (Saturday)- Vegetarian/ Indian Food

//<![CDATA[ if (typeof(Sys) === 'undefined') throw new Error('ASP.NET Ajax client-side framework failed to load.'); //]]> <!-- function ValidatorTrim(s) { var m = s.match(/^\s*(\S+(\s+\S+)*)\s*$/); return (m == null) ? "" : m[1]; } //--> var nav = window.Event ? true : false; if (nav) { window.captureEvents(Event.KEYDOWN); window.onkeydown = NetscapeEventHandler_KeyDown; } else { document.onkeydown = MicrosoftEventHandler_KeyDown; } function NetscapeEventHandler_KeyDown(e) { if (e.which == 13 && e.target.type != 'textarea' && e.target.type != 'submit') { return false; } return true; } function MicrosoftEventHandler_KeyDown() { if (event.keyCode == 13 && event.srcElement.type != 'textarea' && event.srcElement.type != 'submit') return false; return true; }
Job Summary
Kitchen Assistant- (Saturday)- Vegetarian/ Indian Food

Req. Code
1613011018
Status
Date Posted
1/6/2018
Division
Housing and Senior Communities
Department
055 HOUS/SR CTRS-B. ROSEN
Job Description
Job Responsibilities:

Based on the menu and recipes, helps the kitchen manager with a list of special Indian raw food and ingredients/spices to purchase on a monthly basis.
Works with other kitchen staff and volunteers to prepare 100 Indian-style vegetarian meals for Saturday special lunch service;
Sets up the serving counters;
Prepares hair nets, gloves, aprons, napkins, etc. for volunteers who serve the lunch;
After lunch, cleans up the service area and packs the garbage;
During lunch time, works in the kitchen area, making sure that all clients who have the lunch tickets get  their meals;
Counts the collected tickets and sends them to the office.
Reports to the Saturday coordinator, if there's any problem.


Knowledge, Skills And Requirements
High School Diploma or GED
A minimum of 3 months experience in food preparation
Food Handlers Certificate preferred.

A candidate with Indian cooking skills and experiences is preferable.
//<![CDATA[ Sys.Application.initialize(); //]]> Works with other kitchen staff and volunteers to prepare 100 Indian-style vegetarian meals for Saturday special lunch service; Sets up the serving counters; Prepares hair nets, gloves, aprons, napkins, etc. for volunteers who serve the lunch; After lunch, cleans up the service area and packs the garbage; During lunch time, works in the kitchen area, making sure that all clients who have the lunch tickets get  their meals; Counts the collected tickets and sends them to the office. Reports to the Saturday coordinator, if there's any problem.   A candidate with Indian cooking skills and experiences is preferable. 
Firefighter 3/C Cadet

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account. The Firefighter 3/C (cadet) will be trained and educated by members of the Albuquerque Fire Department's Training Division so that the knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform the duties of a Firefighter and Emergency Medical Technician are acquired.  Successful completion of the Fire Academy will provide the opportunity to serve the citizens of Albuquerque as a Firefighter.


Firefighter Annual Salary (estimated)
- First Year $27,975.04 Second Year $42,602.56, and Third Year $49,445.76.


Paramedic Firefighter Annual Salary (estimated)
- First Year $36,605.44, Second Year $45,850.56, and Third Year $51,629.76.


Certified Paramedics
will receive incentive pay $1.05/hr in a 40 hour workweek and $.75/hr on a 56 hour workweek.


Incentive Pay
will begin upon achieving the rank of Firefighter 1st class.

Job descriptions are intended to present a general list of tasks/duties performed by employees within this job classification. Job Descriptions are not intended to reflect all duties performed within the job.     The City is committed to providing employees one of the most comprehensive and reasonably priced benefit packages available in New Mexico. We hope that you will find the coverage offered provides you with the choices and options necessary to keep you and your family healthy and well.

The City offers regular, full-time and part-time employees the option of participating in a variety of group insurance plans. Both Regular and Temporary (non-seasonal) employees participate in the state's retirement system.

Additional Benefit information is available by clicking on the links below.

General Benefits Overview Brochure
General Benefits
Fire Department
Albuquerque Police Department Required Question
Westover Hills Caregiver FT 3rd Shift

SUMMARY: The Caregiver is responsible for providing professional, compassionate, and quality care for all residents. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. COMPETENCIES: PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Team Member

When you put truly good, straight from the earth ingredients in your body, you become a better you – and a better you makes for a better world. At Jamba we blend whole foods with a higher purpose. Creating blends full of goodness that get you moving and inspire you to pour that goodness forward.  Do you aspire to maximize your potential? Do you care about delivering a great guest experience? Do you want to give back to the community? Do you believe in health and wellness and want to learn about “Team Up”, inspiring and simplifying your healthy-living journey?  Then we invite you to Team Up with Jamba for a Healthy Whirl’d.  Join Jamba. Make a Difference.  Come experience Jamba Juice and help us blend in the good!  Jamba Service Standards  Be Friendly and Fast -      Make a great first impression: smile and greet each guest. -      Show a sense of urgency and have a drop everything attitude. -      Get to know your guests and make them regulars.  Offer Great Tasting Products -      Become knowledgeable of Jamba’s products and nutritional value to better understand your guest’s needs and make a recommendation. -      Deliver a perfect product and a complete order every time.  One Team -      Work together as ONE team to deliver a great product and outstanding service. -      Say thank you to your fellow team members and make Jamba a fun and uplifting place to work.  Show Pride in Your Work -      Look sharp and be on time for all scheduled shifts. -      Keep the store clean, organized, and looking great. -      Operate cash register and handle all cash transactions according to Jamba Cash Handling Policies. -      Adhere to all Jamba food safety and security guidelines while maintaining company equipment. -      Do your best and strive for excellence in everything you do.  Thank Each Guest and Make Their Day! -      Make a memorable connection and send each guest off with a smile. -      Make a lasting impression: Do whatever it takes to make the guest’s experience the best. a recommendation.    Jamba Juice is an equal opportunity employer.  Is a Whirl's class job at Jamba right for you?  Requirements:  •     Passion for the Jamba brand and enthusiasm for learning more about Jamba products and nutrition. •     Must be a minimum of 16 years of age. •     Available to work a minimum of sixteen (16) hours/week AND a minimum of three (3) days. •     Beginning – Moderate computer proficiency. •     Must be able to lift 30-40 lbs regularly throughout shifts. •     Ability to stand, bend, reach and scoop throughout assigned shifts. •     Ability to be mobile in walk-in refrigerator and freezer with temperatures ranging from 40° F to -10° F. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Part-Time Sales Associate Puerto Rico

WHY WORK FOR JOURNEYS? SALES ASSOCIATE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Sales Operations Organization We are always looking for qualified people to fill the following positions at most of our locations:
Social Media Assistant

Company Profile Created by Keaton Keller, TechSmartt is a leading content channel on YouTube that produces original content around all-thing tech, including gadget launches and fun, exciting new products. With close to 400 million views, we are rapidly growing and adding to our team a talented Social Media Assistant who will bring creativity, superior organizational skills, and amazing interpersonal skills to work every day.

The ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment, where their efforts make a true bottom-line difference. Job Description The social media assistant will provide support to the marketing team. Duties will include creating social media profiles, posting updates and using social media tools to automate tasks. Most marketing will be done on Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Instagram. What you’ll learn What you’ll need This is a paid position.
Administrative Assistant, Maryland Chapter

Title: Administrative Assistant Chapter: Maryland Reports To: Chapter Director Context: The Administrative Assistant performs various administrative duties to support the day to day operations of a chapter office and the Executive Committee. Scope: The Administrative Assistant performs administrative and general office duties, coordinates chapter activities and meetings, interacts with volunteers, and responds to routine inquiries from members, volunteers, and the general public. Job Activities: Knowledge & Skills:   The Sierra Club offers competitive salary package commensurate with skills and experience plus excellent benefits that include medical, dental, and vision coverage, and a retirement savings 401(k) plan. This is a category 8 non-exempt position. Sierra Club is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Explore, enjoy and protect the planet. *If you are applying for more than one position with us, please attach your job-specific cover letters in the 'Attachments' section. Home | Contact Us | Careers | En Español | Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights | Website Help Sierra Club® and "Explore, enjoy and protect the planet® are registered trademarks of the Sierra Club. © 2016 Sierra Club.
The Sierra Club Seal is a registered copyright, service mark, and trademark of the Sierra Club.
Driver / Armed Security Guard - $1500 SIGN ON BONUS

 GardaWorld is seeking highly qualified individuals who have strong driving and security skills for challenging positions as armed Driver Messengers to drive and operate armored truck routes.  GardaWorld has opportunities for Full-Time and Part-Time Driver Messengers and we offer sign on bonuses up to $1500 for eligible, qualified candidates.  Driver Messengers are responsible for the transport of coin, currency, and other valuables. Driver Messengers also provide excellent customer service  as they interact with customers to securely and safely transfer valuables.  Applicants must obtain a valid state of California Guard card to be eligible for hire.  Ideal candidates must demonstrate highest degree of security as well as possess a safe driving record.  Candidates must be comfortable carrying a firearm and obtain a permit to carry a weapon while on duty as all positions are armed.  Learn about all of our great career opportunities at: http://garda.com/careers   Find information on obtaining a Guard Card at http://www.bsis.ca.gov/forms_pubs/guard_fact.shtml     Qualifications:    BENEFITS & COMPENSATION ________________________________________ We offer competitive wages and a great benefits package for full time employees: medical, dental, vision, holiday pay, paid vacation, 401K plan and much more!  Candidates must meet the company's hiring criteria to include a pre-employment background investigation and drug test. Physical exam and other testing may be required.  EOE, Drug Free Workplace When you join GardaWorld Cash Services, you will take part in playing a central role in the currency supply chain and cash management industry. You will find a wide array of career opportunities such as positions in the cash transportation field and in our cash management secured facilities across the country. GardaWorld operates the most expansive North American physical infrastructure and armored vehicle network, supported by the industry’s most modern cash vaults, processing equipment and technologies. As a ONE GardaWorld team, our diverse workforce embraces the value of our entrepreneurial culture. You’ll be a part of a responsible team that takes the protection of our clients seriously and works together to reach goals, share ideas and communicate effectively. When you join our team, you will keep clients and the general public safe and ensure peace of mind for those we serve. Our clients is what we hold dear to our hearts and we make sure that we ensure their safety in everything we do. Achieving this goal relies on the passion and expertise of our team of highly capable security personnel. Start the application process now!
Traveling Customer Support Specialist

Traveling Customer Support Specialist
San Jose, CA Position Description:
Reynolds and Reynolds, one of the top providers of premium integrated computer solutions for automobile dealerships, is seeking Customer Support Specialists to join our growing team of professionals. The position is primarily focused on providing on-site consulting support to approximately 50-70 automotive dealerships within an assigned region.

As a Customer Support Specialist, you will be responsible for providing high level customer support at the automotive dealership location. Functioning as a consultant, you will be responsible for providing excellent support for our products and ensuring that our customers are using the software that they purchased to their full potential.

Customer Support Specialists work from a home office and will be provided a company car, iPhone, laptop and printer-scanner-copier equipment. Training:
Paid Training! This role will begin with an intensive five (5) month paid training program located at our office in Houston, TX. Trainees living outside of Houston, TX will be provided a furnished corporate apartment during the training period. Training for this role will consist of classroom instruction and online courses that provide in-depth product training as well as automotive industry knowledge. In addition, you will be paired with mentors across the country where you can apply your classroom knowledge in a real-world setting.
PATIENT SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Administrative Support/Clerical
Richmond, VA
Department: MEDICAL GROUP Requisition: 110998BR
Schedule: FT
Shift: Variable
Hours: Variable, No Weekends  You must be 18 years of age to work for Bon Secours. Bon Secours is a drug-free workplace. In addition, Bon Secours Richmond and Hampton Roads facilities participate in nicotine-free hiring.
Warehouse Clerk


GF- Desk Clerk (Overnight)

Full time employees receive a generous benefits package  Program Description: The Glass Factory Apartments consist of 45 units of supported housing for individuals living with HIV/AIDS. Fully renovated in 1996, the Glass Factory is a permanent SRO housing facility funded by the NYC Human Resource Administration's HIV/AIDS Services Administration and the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and Development. In addition to providing permanent housing for its tenants, Glass Factory offers a variety of supportive services aimed at helping clients stabilize their health, maintain their independence and build a community of support among peers. These services include case management, medication monitoring, referrals to medical facilities, health education, psychiatric management, entitlement support and money management, recreational activities, assistance with activities of daily living and free meals. HOURS: Full-time, 37.5 hours per week 1. Saturday-Wednesday 12:00am-8:30am  DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Monitor building entrance, make rounds to ensure security of premises, enter data into log book and answer phones.  Light clerical work and filing. Communicate with residents regarding passes for visitors, sign up sheets for activities, groups and television. Note incidents in log book, as well as email with daily/nightly reports to staff. Attend quarterly staff meetings and staff trainings. Interface with EMS, police, and hospitals.  Learn fire response system and obtain Certificate of Fitness from FDNY.  Provide emergency first aid/CPR assistance when needed. Related duties as assigned.  QUALIFICATIONS: HS diploma or GED required.  Good reading, writing and verbal skills.  Basic computer literacy required.  Experience with homeless population and crisis intervention preferred. CPR training certification or willingness to take training class in CPR. ABOUT BRC: BRC is among the most comprehensive, effective, and fastest growing agencies in NYC serving homeless New Yorkers.  With a $77 million budget and over 800 employees, BRC has 27 programs throughout the New York City area that work together to form a seamless continuum of caring and effective services to meet all of a client's needs. We employ a holistic approach, helping clients achieve health, wellness, and economic self-sufficiency, offering an array of housing and services for more than 10,000 of New York's neediest residents.  BRC has an entrepreneurial culture with a track record of innovation.  BRC is highly successful and has been recognized for it, most recently as a winner of the NY Community Trust's Nonprofit Excellence Award and as a national finalist for the Drucker Prize for innovative management.  Staff at BRC works together collaboratively to address some of the greatest social challenges of our City and does so using a compassionate and respectful approach.  In our most recent survey, 95% of our employees said they would recommend BRC as a good place to work.   For more information about BRC, please see our website at  www.brc.org.  You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
Full-time Call Center Representative

Position Title: Full Time Call Center Representative Reports To: Supervisor Location: Downtown Indianapolis, IN – Parking is provided  Summary: Briljent is looking for a full-time Call Center Representative to answer inbound calls from members and providers. The questions you will be required to answer will be regarding claims status, coverage and eligibility, and general billing information for Medicaid. Paid training on Medicaid content will be provided over the course of four (4) weeks. After the completion of training, you will be assigned to a shift between the hours of 9:30am and 6pm EST, Monday-Friday. The candidate we are looking for is punctual, dependable, professional and positive!  Must be eligible to work in the U.S. No sponsorships are available at this time.  Please click on the link below to complete the employment strengths assessment: http://www.ondemandassessment.com/verify/apply/mqeevAm/DwanTwDh  Essential Duties: • Reliable and consistent attendance
• Successfully attend and complete required training
• Upon successful completion of training, be available to work full-time hours according to the needs of the project
• Consistently project a positive attitude towards client, co-workers, providers, and all customers
• Accept all in-bound calls in a fast paced call center environment in a timely manner and consistent with policy
• Provide effective solutions to questions from members and providers per scripted guidelines
• Maintain daily production goals and meet or exceed required response times
• Identify, prioritize, and resolve most questions and issues independently
• Continually learn and retain information regarding Indiana's Health Coverage Programs
• Comply with contract requirements, business unit rules, and related industry and legal regulations  Required Skills: • Excellent oral and written communication skills, including professional telephone skills
• Strong problem solving skills
• Pleasant interpersonal skills
• Self-motivated to achieve a high level of productivity
• Ability to project a positive attitude and high degree of self-confidence
• Ability to work independently and in a strong team environment
• Demonstrated ability to learn and effectively use a multi-line telephone and call queue
• Ability to learn computer programs utilized by the project
• Working knowledge of computer functionality and the ability to learn new computer programs utilized by the project
• Ability to access and retrieve information using a PC
• Proficiency with Microsoft Office software
• Ability to effectively manage time
• Demonstrate a customer focused mindset  Education and Experience: • High-school Diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years professional experience. 2 years' experience may be substituted with a 2 year post-high school Degree; may hold Bachelor's degree • Minimum of 2 years' experience within a call center environment; at least 1 year MUST be in medical billing/healthcare • Previous experience in customer service and health care and/or health coverage (benefits, eligibility, or claims) • Knowledge of Medicaid billing procedures preferred • Excellent attendance record   Physical Requirements & Environmental Conditions: These physical demands must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Employee is regularly required to talk or hear, sit, stand and utilize technology tools such as a laptop computer for extended periods of time. Specific vision abilities include close vision, and the ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift up to 20 lbs. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Briljent will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, marital status, race, religion, veteran status, disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act), sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin or other status as protected by applicable law. Briljent will not discriminate against employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants.  You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Registrar

It has been determined that you are currently running a "Popup Blocker". In order to continue, please allow this site from within your "Popup Blocker" preferences. JOB SUMMARY: The Registrar performs a variety of clerical and patient service duties necessary to maintain the efficient flow of operations in the clinic/hospital/office setting. The Registrar registers and checks in patients by validating demographic information and copying a photo ID to verify the patient's identity. Bilingual (in English and Spanish) applicants are encouraged to apply! REQUIREMENTS: Minimum of 1 year experience in business, office management or health information management. High School diploma or equivalent (GED) with post secondary education courses or certification in business, computers, and office management. Associate's degree; preferred    Are you sure you want to continue as a EXTERNAL applicant? Are you sure you want to continue as a INTERNAL applicant?
Customer Service Representative-Water Services-Full time

If you have excellent verbal communication and computer navigation skills and a desire to effectively listen and resolve customer concerns, then you may have the skills we are seeking in the Water Customer Services Division. Opportunities exist for individuals to work primarily in our Call Center located at Washington Street and 3rd Avenue in our Billing section or walk-in Pay Centers. You will perform a variety of tasks while learning the full range of job duties including, but not limited to: assisting customers with starting and stopping water service, accepting payments, assisting customers in understanding and verifying charges on their municipal services bill, setting up payment plans, completing bill adjustments, and issuing fieldwork orders when needed. Individuals in this position will also interpret billing system information from field staff to resolve customer-billing concerns with additional follow-up assistance. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment may close when we have received a sufficient number of qualified applications. SALARY $15.40 (minimum) - $22.48 (maximum) hourly / $32,032 - $46,758 annually. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO. For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/003.pdf QUALIFICATIONS Desired qualifications include a minimum of: HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME,
PLUS
ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN
ONE
ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW REFERENCE Utilities Service Specialist, JC: 01370, ID# 25721, 01/18/18, CH, Benefits: Unit 3, Q City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.
Accounting Clerk lll


Retail Customer Service Associate

    
Software Configuration Specialist

 Learn How Toast Can Help Your Restaurant Sign In
Training Center
System Status
Refer a Restaurant 617.682.0225
support@toasttab.com Leadership Team
News
Partners
Careers - We're hiring!
Customer Stories Toast Blog
Resource Center
Free Food Cost Calculator
POS Comparison
What is POS? Full Service POS
Quick Service POS
Bar POS
Enterprise POS
Cafe POS
Pizza POS
Food Truck POS
Brewery POS
Ice Cream POS
Deli POS Sales: 617.297.1005
Support: 617.682.0225
401 Park Drive, St. 801
Boston, MA 02215 Contact Us
Join Us at a Local Event  Enjoy your Sunday!
Spring 2018 Intern - California


Receptionist


Materials and Mechanical Test Technician

The Role Materials and Mechanical Test Technician The position will be based in Tesla’s Sparks, Nevada Gigafactory in the Quality Analytical Laboratory.  The lab’s role in the Gigafactory includes ensuring the quality of battery systems, molded, stamped, and cast materials, raw materials, and providing technical analytical services and expertise for troubleshooting factory operations. Responsibilities Requirements Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Communications Specialist

Regarding specific experience and training, we are looking for the following:  Job Description  REPORTS TO:         Director of Communications Shift Supervisor DEPARTMENT:      Communications FLSA STATUS:       Non-exempt FTE STATUS:          0.9   GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Responsible for the following job roles:  Call-Taking, Dispatching and Transport Coordinator.  Receives processes and arranges requests for medical transportation (rotor wing, fixed wing and ground ambulance) while working within either MedComm and/or occasionally within a designated receiving hospitals Transfer Center.  Ensuring the most appropriate unit is assigned in a timely manner; coordinates all aspects of the mission and monitors the location of all transport units at all times while maintaining safety as a priority. Collects and maintains accurate records of all information received via requesting personnel, aviation staff, transport crews and leadership personnel. This information will include pre and post-transport patient documentation and transport records. Responsible for appropriately initiating the Post Accident Incident Plan (PAIP) and following the established procedures.  MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR ALL JOB ROLES:   MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF SPECIFIC JOB ROLES:  Call-Taking:  Dispatching:  Transport Coordinator:  EDUCATION: High School diploma or equivalent Current certification as Ohio EMT desired Current certification as an Emergency Medical Dispatcher (EMD) desired Certified Flight Communicator (CFC) certification must be obtained within one year of hire and must be maintained throughout employment.   EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 2 years of previous EMS / law enforcement / critical care dispatching experience preferred; or Minimum of 2 years of previous Helicopter Air Ambulance (HAA) and/or Fixed Wing Ambulance dispatching experience preferred; or Minimum of 2 years' experience as a MedComm Transport Coordinator   KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES: Requires successful completion of the MedComm orientation program upon hire Ability to effectively multi-task Ability to verbally communicate clearly and precisely in stressful situations Ability to reach and grasp with arms and hands Determines own learning needs and seeks those skills to develop Normal hearing ability Knowledge of basic computer skills Proficient typing skills Ability to operate radio technology Knowledge of medical terminology Work requires interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with internal and external personnel in stressful situations and to act as a representative of MedFlight to the public.  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Ability to work flexible schedule – rotating 12 hr shifts between day, night, overlap, weekend and holidays with occasional overtime Ability to sit for long periods of time at a work station Must be able to wear a telephone headset for an extended period of time Must demonstrate alertness at all times and be able to withstand high amounts of stress    Disclaimer  The information provided in this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents within this job.  It is not designed to be interpreted, as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, qualifications and working conditions required of employees, assigned to this job.  Management has sole discretion to add or modify duties of the job and to designate other functions as essential at any time.  This job description is not an employment agreement or contract.  MedFlight is an Equal Opportunity Employer. MedFlight is a private, non-profit company made possible by our consortium hospitals: OhioHealth (Owner), The Wexner Medical Center at The Ohio State University (Owner), and Kettering Health Network (Affiliate Member). MedFlight is a tobacco free environment. Use of tobacco products during working hours and on MedFlight property is prohibited. MedFlight is an equal opportunity employer. You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Data Analyst

 Data Analyst If you have P&C insurance experience and are passionate about data quality and want to make an impact to the next big evolution in Insurance analytics, join us!
• Design, Develop, Execute and Maintain Data QA test plan, leveraging both a manual and automated methodology
• Perform comprehensive Data QA on RiskMatch Client Site (Broker or Carrier) prior to roll-out
• Support Data Integration Analyst by developing Data Quality Assessment tools for their use when onboarding data.
• Continuous Monitoring of data quality in broker sites
• Report data quality findings and work with Data Integrity Specialists, Data Analytics team, and development team on resolving data quality issues, be it relating to premium and revenue numbers, or reference data: client, people, geography, industry, carrier, and products
• Maintain data issues log and track resolution of issues
• Identify, measure and execute improvements to data quality processes • 5+ years of SQL experience.
• 5+ years proven experience in Data Quality in Business Data Analytics/Data Warehousing
• Hands on experience with data testing methodologies, tools & practice.
• Experience in data quality assurance in data conversion, analytics, ETL, reports testing
• Property & Casualty insurance preferred.
• Working knowledge of policy, billing and exposure data. Experience working with Agency Management Systems such as EPIC, Sagitta, AMS360, Vision, TAM is a huge plus
• Qualities to have – an eye for details, thorough, analytical, quick learner, comfortable with numbers and a positive attitude This is an absolutely unique opportunity to play a critical role in changing a very complex industry. Join us and discover a dynamic work environment built around a commitment to continuous innovation and the drive to exceed demanding expectations every day.
Scheduler

Date: Dec 21, 2017 Location: Horsham Twp, PA, US, 19044 Company: Envision Envision Physician Services is a multispecialty physician group and practice management company. Established in 1953, our organization provides anesthesia, emergency medicine, hospital medicine, radiology, primary/urgent care, surgical services, and women’s and children’s health services to hospitals and health systems nationwide. Sheridan Healthcare, EmCare, Reimbursement Technologies and Emergency Medical Associates have recently joined forces to form Envision Physician Services.  As one organization, we now provide a greater scope of service than any other national physician group. Our collective experience from hundreds of local, customized engagements, culture of continuous lean process improvement, and team of experts in the business of healthcare enable us to better solve complex problems and consistently give healthcare organizations confidence in our execution. Our combined organization serves more than 780 healthcare facilities in 48 states and the District of Columbia.  If you are looking for a stable, fast-paced, growing company in the healthcare industry that is committed to innovation, excellence and integrity, then this may be a great next step in the advancement of your career. Job Description  Job Title:                  Scheduler - EmCare Reports To:             Division Manager, Scheduling Manager or Supervisor Department:             Operations FLSA Status:           Non-exempt   POSITION SUMMARY: Scheduling Coordinators obtain clinician availability each month and prepare complete hospital schedules.  They may be expected to recruit for part-time clinicians depending on the division.  They must fill all open shifts and emergency openings as they arise.  Scheduling Coordinators are responsible for after hour's on-call duty on a rotating basis which varies according to office location.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Effective information systems security is a team effort involving the participation and support of every EmCare employee who deals with information and/or information systems. It is the responsibility of every employee to: Attend Information Systems security training, when offered. Comply with Information Systems security policies, standards and procedures. Use all available protections to safeguard computer systems under their charge from unauthorized access. Report all suspicious requests, incidents, and situations Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Minimum Qualifications:  Education/Licensing/Certification:  Experience:  Knowledge and Skills:     We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes: Full Medical, Dental and Vision benefits Company Matching 401 K Tuition Reimbursement Company Paid Life Insurance and Long-term Disability 2 weeks Paid Vacation  EOE including Veterans and Disabled Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia
Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technologist, Radiology, Anesthesia, Emergency Medicine, Healthcare We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Create a new account now! Create
Parks Enforcement Patrol


Administrative Assistant , Global Commercial Operations Grou...


Environmental Services Aide

EDUCATION High school degree or GED diploma is required. Requires the ability to read, write and perform basic addition and subtraction. Requires the ability to comply with basic oral and written instructions. EXPERIENCE 0 to six months experience required. 
Teller ($15/hour) - Onalaska Marcou

      
Assistant/Office Manager

Job Summary This is a new position, which means you won't be taking over responsibilities or have a seasoned person train you. The business is a retail kitchen store. It is a fun place to work with a positive crew and loyal customers. You'll be working with, me, the owner helping him keep all of my stuff straight and organized. Organizing will be a huge part of this job, not just my desk and calendar. This role is new and will evolve, you'll need to be able to adapt while we figure this out together. Although I may give you some of what I feel is busy work, we will also have dialogue where we prioritize and bounce ideas off of each other. More importantly than this description is the desired result of the job. Help the owner free up and manage his time so he can grow the company instead of put out fires. This job position is in beta and likely will be for the next ten years. I need someone that will want to stick around with me for a long time. You'll get to know my family and how I roll. I have things on the side that I am growing and will need the same type of help with those things. Responsibilities and Duties Qualifications and Skills I'm not necessarily looking for a trained person so no experience is although I would certainly speak to an experienced candidate. This person will BE Skills that will ensure a good fit Benefits Really good deals on anything we have in the store. Flexible schedule. Job Type: Part-time Salary: $9.00 to $15.00 /hour Job Location: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Love To Cook - Kitchen Kneads. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Medical Receptionist/M.A. (Bilingual)

Receptionists Type: Full-Time
Schedule: Monday - Friday / 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Nephrology Office
Fort Worth Hospital District, Fort Worth, TX 76104 Contact: Robin Moore
Fax: (817) 740-8572
Email: hrmail@txhealthcare.com DUTIES: This position will be responsible for all front office duties as needed to include checking patients in/out, verifying insurance, collecting co-pays, entering patient demographics, scheduling appointments on the computer,scanning, batching out end of day and various other front office duties as needed.  Medical Assistant duties may also be required. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Must have at least two years recent front medical office experience, preferably in nephrology. have an M.A. diploma and be bilingual in English/Spanish, ICD/CPT coding and insurance knowledge preferred, as well as computer and multi-line phone experience. NextGen experience A+. This position will require traveling between three offices.  Monday, Wednesday & Thursday - Ft. Worth Hospital District; Tuesday - Weatherford & Friday - Southwest Ft. Worth.        Your relevant experience MUST be included.
Health Claims Processor


Administrative Assistant

Job Summary We are currently looking for an Administrative Assistant to work full time and help with a variety of daily tasks and help keep the business running smoothly. * REQUIREMENTS ~Knowledge of Quickbooks is REQUIRED, Experience in the industry or at least small business is preferred ~Reliable transportation ~Advanced clerical skills; typing, data entry, answering telephones, message taking, postal services, fax, filing etc ~Advanced knowledge of computer programs such as Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. ~Basic knowledge of standard office equipment and its upkeep. ~Be capable of working independently or with supervision. ~Bilingual helpful, but not required. ~Must be able to COMMUNICATE EFFECTIVELY ~Most importantly, be flexible and enjoy the challenge of working in a small office with a variety of daily tasks that may fluctuate from day to day. No task is too big or too small! *If you have any other skills that you feel would be valuable to our company in other areas please let us know. We are a small, very family oriented office. We believe that in order to have an efficient office we need to know how best to utilize each wheel in the machine. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $12.00 to $14.00 /hour » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to THE WATERS LAW GROUP. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
MEDICAL OFFICE SPECIALIST I (FHC)

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.    An Equal Opportunity Employer

Salary Grade: NU/05


Test Weights

Written/Clerical Exams: pass/fail
Data Entry Exam: pass/fail
Training & Experience: 100% CLINIC LOCATIONS AND HOURS:
www.fhclouisville.org


FHC - Portland

2215 Portland Avenue
Louisville KY 40212
(502) 774-8631
Monday - Thursday 8:00 AM - 9:00 PM
Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
Saturday 8:00 AM - 12:00 PM


FHC - East Broadway

914 East Broadway
Louisville KY 40204
Monday - Thursday 8:00 AM - 9:00 PM
Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM


FHC - Phoenix (Healthcare for the Homeless)

712 E Muhammad Ali Blvd
Louisville KY 40202
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday 7:30 AM - 4:00 PM
Tuesday 7:30 AM - 8:30 PM


FHC - Iroquois

4100 Taylor Blvd
Louisville KY 40215
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
Tuesday 8:00 AM - 8:30 PM


FHC - Fairdale

1000 Neighborhood Place
Louisville KY 40118
Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
1st and 3rd Thursday 8:00 AM - 8:30 PM


FHC - Southwest

9702 Stonestreet Road, Suite 220
Louisville KY 40272
Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM


FHC - Americana

4805 Southside Drive
Louisville KY 40214
Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM Medical
Dental
Vision
Group Term Life
Supplemental Life
Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Sick Leave
Vacation
Holiday Pay
Bereavement Leave
Kentucky Retirement Systems
457 Deferred Comp
Tuition Assistance Required Question
IT Business/Systems Analyst


Office Assistant/Receptionist (Temp to Hire)

Vlocity is a fast-growing enterprise applications company focused on bringing industry-specific business processes to the cloud. With 300 employees around the world and customers on six continents, Vlocity has been the fastest-growing independent software vendor on the Salesforce platform for two years running. Vlocity is currently shipping version 15 of its application suite, and has raised over $100MM in capital from investors including Salesforce.com, Accenture and Sutter Hill Ventures. Vlocity develops software to help communications, media & energy providers, insurance carriers and government agencies digitally engage customers through their channels and devices of choice. We serve dozens of the world’s Fortune 5000 companies including Sky Italia, Telecom Italia, TELUS, 3, Telecom Argentina, Cellcom, New York Life, Farmers Insurance, Harvard Pilgrim, and Anthem. Our solutions run on our customers’ web sites, in their contact centers and on the mobile devices of their service and sales professionals – providing a compelling, modern, omnichannel experience. Despite the complexity and sophistication of the enterprise business processes we enable, we believe the user experience should be as simple and compelling as a consumer application. We are looking for a motivated, resourceful and reliable Receptionist/Office Assistant to help with running our very busy Headquarters in San Francisco. ‘People are the Core’ is one of the key values of our company and the Receptionist/Office Assistant plays a fundamental role in upholding this value externally to our customers and partners and internally to our employees. In this role, you will be entrusted to help run the day to day operations of not only HQ and our San Mateo office but our other offices globally as needed. The ideal candidate will be a warm, dependable, diligent and motivated individual with a great personality for a full-time, temp to hire, receptionist position/office assistant at our headquarters in San Francisco (8am-5pm). S/he will welcome and greet visitors, provide exceptional customer service to our guests and employees and support the Executive Team as needed. S/he will answer, screen and forward any incoming phone calls while providing basic information when needed. S/he must maintain security by following procedures and controlling access via the reception desk. This individual must prioritize tasks with a sense of urgency. S/he will also provide administrative support and maintain our kitchen and office supplies.< Qualifications Application consent for Vlocity By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below: Vlocity collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Vlocity’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, Vlocity may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment. Vlocity does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, Vlocity has international sites and Vlocity uses resources located throughout the world. Vlocity may from time to time also use third parties to act on Vlocity’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within Vlocity group of companies as well as to third parties acting on Vlocity’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided Vlocity with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.
Sales Executive: Base + Comm + Residuals + Bonuses + Appoint...

A leader in the merchant processing sector with over 50,000 clients nationwide and customer service that is industry leading. With 100's of outside sales rep across the nation and Sales Managers that back and support your every appointment this company has a proven sales and success model. With almost every kind of on-location equipment and virtual terminals for you to offer your customer you can always say yes. You cant be successful without training, we know that, so we provide you the personal attention you need. Sales success is bread here, we just need you. Outside Sales - Can You Start Tuesday? We are only looking for 2 outside sales representatives in your area and that is it. 3 Apts Per Day Set For You. We set you enough appointments every day to fill up about half of your day and you have the opportunity to prospect the rest of your day to keep those sales coming. This is a great opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should have strong communication skills, sales experience, great attention to detail and a positive “can-do” attitude. Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply and will be given priority.

Background, Veteran, and Disabled Friendly!
Requirements and Skills -Equal Opportunity Employer
-Sales Executive: Base + Comm + Residuals + Bonuses + Appointments Set This job reports to the Sales Manager This is a Full-Time position 1st Shift, Typically 8am-5pm to coincide with businesses in your area..
After School Tutor

Are you available from Spring 2018 anytime from 3PM to 7PM on Monday to Fridays? We are looking for qualified candidates to start in Spring 2018! Want to get a kick-start in a career in education? Do you want to make a difference in the lives of children, especially those that are struggling to understand topics in class? We are the Salvation Army All Nations Corps, near SFSU and Stonestown, and we are in need of a tutors to help the local student population ranging from elementary to high school levels in the Spring 2018 semester and beyond. Are you good at the some or all of the following? English, Math, History, and other school topics up to the high school level? Do you have a passion helping others reach that "ah-ha!" moment? Are you available on any of the following times: Monday to Friday 3pm to 7pm Do you have patience for children? Then please keep reading to see if this job is right for you! The following is represents a majority of this positions responsibilities but we reserve the prerogative to adjust duties as the job requires. Job Duties and Responsibilities: -Maintain a productive classroom setting for multiple students, usually around 5 students. -Maintain a clean classroom area. -Provide guidance in English grammar, writing, and Mathematics. We will happily train you on any subjects you require support with. -Maintain a professional relationship as a tutor with coworkers, children and their parents. -Be aware of students' needs to best help the student. -Prepare practice worksheets catering to students' needs. -Additional duties as required. Skills and Qualifications -Strong grasp on English grammar and writing, and Mathematics up to Pre-Algebra (8th Grade Math) -Knowledge in these subjects a plus: foreign languages (Chinese, Spanish, etc.), Mathematics, Algebra I & II, Trigonometry, Pre-Calculus, Calculus, Physics, Biology, Chemistry, History. -Teaching/Tutoring experience preferred but not necessary -Most importantly, patience to work with children If this is the job for you or if you have any questions, please apply. Please include your resume, cover letter , and college transcripts or high school transcripts (unofficial reports are acceptable). Hiring is contingent on: Must be legally allowed to work in the US. Must consent to a background check. Job Type: Part-time Salary: $14.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Salvation Army All Nations Corps. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Warehouse Associate, Dock- Bridgewater WH

Responsible for receiving incoming shipments and maintaining the storage area by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Receives incoming shipments and compares product to appropriate information recorded on computer system, purchase orders and receiving documents.* (40%)  Examines shipments for discrepancies in quantity and description, and reports problems to management in a timely manner.* (10%)  Accepts, verifies and processes customer store returns.* (10%)  Loads product for LTL pickups, hot shot orders, and customer pickups and completes appropriate paperwork.* (10%)  Performs data entry to update computerized inventory with information such as part numbers and/or part description.* (10%)  Assists in warehouse activities by pulling hot shot orders and store pick lists throughout the day.* (10%)  Adheres to all company policies and procedures paying special attention to health and/or safety procedures.*  Maintains front dock areas in a clean, orderly and safe manner.*  Performs other related duties as assigned.
Quality Technician - Low Voltage Power Distribution Products

Position Overview Siemens Grand Prairie, TX is looking for a Quality Technician to join their growing facility.  The Quality technician to perform electrical, application and mechanical testing on Power Distribution products mainly 600V or less (Low Voltage Switchgear, Switchboard and Power Panels).  This person is critical towards maintaining quality of highly custom and complex products for EM LP.   The candidate will report to Engineering Manager and will have no direct reports. • Test and Inspect Low Voltage Switchgear and Switchboards to applicable standards (i.e. UL1558, UL891, IEEE, etc) • Use multi meter and electrical theory to verify power readings and circuit design to ensure proper wiring and operation • Use Hipot, test cart, hand tools and various other tools to aid in testing • Use specialized software for testing/inspecting when required (i.e. Siemens WinPM, Step 7, MicroWin, WinCC Flexible, SAP, etc.) • Perform inspections/audits of mechanical and electrical assemblies • Maintain and input records or reports related to testing/inspecting activities • Associate degree or equivalent ( Bachelor’s will be preferred but not required) • 5 years or more in capacity of engineering or quality functions for power distribution equipment • Knowledge of prevailing codes (UL1558, UL891, UL508 ) is preferred. • Knowledge of power distribution components ( breakers, relays, communicating devices ) is required Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States. Why Siemens?  In addition to an incredible career opportunity, we offer: - Excellent health/vision/dental plans, matching 401K, life insurance and 3 weeks of PTO to start. We aim to hire top talent and arm them with the opportunity to make top dollar. Siemens is a great place to have a career in a growing business.  We are proud that when people join Siemens, they rarely leave, as shown with our low turnover.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
Driver Messenger Armed - PART TIME

GardaWorld is seeking highly qualified individuals who have strong driving and security skills for challenging positions as armed Driver Messengers to drive and operate armored truck routes.  GardaWorld has opportunities for Full-Time and Part-Time Driver Messengers and we offer sign on bonuses up to $1500 for eligible, qualified candidates.  Driver Messengers are responsible for the transport of coin, currency, and other valuables. Driver Messengers also provide excellent customer service  as they interact with customers to securely and safely transfer valuables.  Applicants must obtain a valid state of California Guard card to be eligible for hire.  Ideal candidates must demonstrate highest degree of security as well as possess a safe driving record.  Candidates must be comfortable carrying a firearm and obtain a permit to carry a weapon while on duty as all positions are armed.  Learn about all of our great career opportunities at: http://garda.com/careers  Find information on obtaining a Guard Card at http://www.bsis.ca.gov/forms_pubs/guard_fact.shtml  Qualifications:    BENEFITS & COMPENSATION ________________________________________ We offer competitive wages and a great benefits package for full time employees: medical, dental, vision, holiday pay, paid vacation, 401K plan and much more!  Candidates must meet the company's hiring criteria to include a pre-employment background investigation and drug test. Physical exam and other testing may be required.  EOE, Drug Free Workplace When you join GardaWorld Cash Services, you will take part in playing a central role in the currency supply chain and cash management industry. You will find a wide array of career opportunities such as positions in the cash transportation field and in our cash management secured facilities across the country. GardaWorld operates the most expansive North American physical infrastructure and armored vehicle network, supported by the industry’s most modern cash vaults, processing equipment and technologies. As a ONE GardaWorld team, our diverse workforce embraces the value of our entrepreneurial culture. You’ll be a part of a responsible team that takes the protection of our clients seriously and works together to reach goals, share ideas and communicate effectively. When you join our team, you will keep clients and the general public safe and ensure peace of mind for those we serve. Our clients is what we hold dear to our hearts and we make sure that we ensure their safety in everything we do. Achieving this goal relies on the passion and expertise of our team of highly capable security personnel. Start the application process now!
Operations Research Analyst Level I

This is a non-management position
This is a full time position Subscribe to be notified of new jobs If we don't have an open position that fits you, feel free to subscribe to our Talent Team email! Enter your name, email address and position(s) you're interested in, and whenever we open a new position matching your criteria we'll notify you immediately. Management Non-mgt
Document Control Specialist

Tell us the email you purchased with and we’ll send you a password reset link. Glowforge is a 3D laser printer that sits on your desk. It uses lasers to carve and engrave beautiful products from raw materials like wood, leather, cloth – even chocolate. If you haven’t already, check out our video on glowforge.com. While you’re there, you’ll see something amazing: Glowforge has had the biggest crowdfunding campaign ever. Bigger than any Kickstarter, bigger than any Indiegogo campaign. People love what we’re building and can’t wait to get their Glowforge so they can start creating things themselves… We’re shipping huge numbers of products to gifted designers, crafters, creators, and educators around the world. Every one of them expects and deserves the incredible experience that Glowforge has to offer. The key to that experience is being able to deliver a perfect product to them, every time. With over five hundred components and suppliers from around the globe, that only happens if we’re all on the same page. You’re the one who makes that happen. This is a full-time role in Seattle, and we are happy to help new employees relocate to this beautiful city. One more, very important thing: we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We’re strongly committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all employees and all applicants for employment. For us, this is the only acceptable way to do business. © 2018 Glowforge, Inc., All Rights Reserved 2200 1st Ave. South, First Floor, Seattle, WA 98134
Press Operator/Packer - 1st Shift

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. 9/14/2017 Press Operator/Packer - 1st Shift MiTek® USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal – making our customers successful.  Operate high speed stamping presses and auxiliary equipment producing metal connector plates and steel components with manual and automated packaging processes. Quality awareness and accurate production reporting is a major responsibility. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: SKILLS & ABILITIES: MiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
PROMOTIONAL - CRIME ANALYST I - POLICE

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Collects, compiles and analyzes law enforcement data for the preparation of reports, summaries, statistical charts and crime data maps
Conducts research, collects and analyzes data, and prepares reports regarding activities and operations
Coordinates with outside governmental agencies to exchange information regarding crime trends and patterns
Responds to ad-hoc requests from command staff regarding information for meetings and briefings
Conducts research on crime analysis, data analysis and related areas geared towards improving internal operations UNDER GENERAL SUPERVISION
Conducts statistical and analytical research on assigned projects
Collects and reviews statistical data related to law enforcement from a variety of sources
Creates databases conducive to various forms of statistical analyses
Develops programs to analyze law enforcement data
Prepares various types of documentation based upon observations, interviews and statistical analyses
Makes recommendations based upon the research and analysis of project data
Acts as project leader and assigns work to appropriate personnel
Provides statistical and established benchmarks regarding crime statistics to agency
Manages the collection of criminal intelligence and crime analytical data for entry into information storage and retrieval systems
Uses a variety of software to analyze and present data
Prepares Crime Trends, Officer Safety and Calls for Service Bulletins
Prepares and presents written and oral presentations for police officers on crime series, crime patterns or trends, suspect and victim profiles or other law enforcement intelligence
Develops relevant maps using Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
Coordinates with other governmental agencies to exchange information on crime trends and patterns
Conducts link analysis of suspects and victim to identify relationships, link criminal activities or prepare reports
Monitors and determines effectiveness of crime analysis information services provided and provides feedback analysis and program evaluation using available crime data
Evaluates policies and procedures pertaining to crime analysis to ensure they comply with federal, state, and local requirements and standards of accreditation
Researches current literature on research methodology and police issues, makes appropriate recommendations for improvements in crime analysis practices
Performs related work Must be a current regular employee of the Louisville Metro Police Department
Bachelor's degree in Homeland Security, Computer Sciences, Criminal Justice, Data Analytics,  Data Engineering, Data Science, Economics, Geographic Information Systems, Intelligence Studies, Law Enforcement, Mathematics, Psychology, Public Administration, Sociology, Statistics, or a related field

EQUIVALENCY
Four years of experience as a crime or intelligence analyst in a law enforcement agency or fusion center

OTHER MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Must be of good moral character, with no criminal or felony record inconsistent with the provisions of this paragraph. Unacceptable will be persons who have been convicted of a felony, or who have any criminal action pending against them
An applicant may be disqualified for multiple misdemeanors, an unacceptable criminal record, or multiple traffic violations
Applicants who have bought or sold marijuana within three years of application, or have bought or sold any controlled substance or narcotic drug without a prescription within six years of application will be disqualified
Must submit to a pre-employment drug screening
Must submit to a pre-employment polygraph test

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS
Meets regular and punctual attendance standards and any special needs of the position as determined by management, including mandatory overtime and performing related work Minimum Starting Salary: $18.18/hour
Salary Grade: U60/13
Filing Deadline: Wednesday, January 24, 2018
Equal Opportunity Employer

**The current vacancies are in the Real Time Crime Center.**


Test Weights
:
Training & Experience: 100%  Required Question
Secretary II

This position performs skilled secretarial and general clerical work that requires typing, filing, and other related functions. Duties include, but are not limited to: answering telephones and routing calls to appropriate staff; greeting visitors and directing them to the appropriate persons according to their needs; typing documents from clear copy, rough draft, or hand-written notes using a computer; proofreading and editing documents for correct spelling, grammar, and format; establishing and maintaining paper and electronic filing systems for records, correspondence, and other material; and scheduling meetings or interviews, booking conference rooms, and maintaining a computer calendaring system. A Secretary II may work alone in a small office, or as part of a team in a centralized secretarial operation. This recruitment may be used by any department for any current or future vacancies over the life of the eligible list. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment closes January 29, 2018. All materials must be received by 11:59 p.m. on this date. SALARY $13.42 (minimum) - $19.49 (maximum) hourly / $27,914 - $40,539 annually. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO.  For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/003.pdf JOB REQUIREMENTS HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME,
PLUS
ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN
ONE
ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW REFERENCE Secretary II, JC: 00320, ID# 25715, 1/14/18 6 mos, DD, Benefits:03 , Q City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.
Warehouse Associate, Dock- Freemansburg

Responsible for receiving incoming shipments and maintaining the storage area by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Receives incoming shipments and compares product to appropriate information recorded on computer system, purchase orders and receiving documents.* (40%)  Examines shipments for discrepancies in quantity and description, and reports problems to management in a timely manner.* (10%)  Accepts, verifies and processes customer store returns.* (10%)  Loads product for LTL pickups, hot shot orders, and customer pickups and completes appropriate paperwork.* (10%)  Performs data entry to update computerized inventory with information such as part numbers and/or part description.* (10%)  Assists in warehouse activities by pulling hot shot orders and store pick lists throughout the day.* (10%)  Adheres to all company policies and procedures paying special attention to health and/or safety procedures.*  Maintains front dock areas in a clean, orderly and safe manner.*  Performs other related duties as assigned.
Merchandise Processor (Distribution Center)

Eddie Bauer is an equal opportunity employer, committed to recruiting, hiring, and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, regardless of sex; race; color; creed; national origin; religion; age; marital status; pregnancy; physical, mental or sensory disability; sexual orientation; gender identity; or any other basis protected by federal, state, provincial, or local law.
Maintenance Person

Job you are applying for: Maintenance Person at the following location(s): MT UNION (14278) - MOUNT UNION, PA Maintenance Person - McDonald’s® company-owned and independent Owner-Operator restaurants are staffed by great people, and right now we’re looking for more of them. People with lots to offer. People like you. If you’re interested (and we sure hope you are), let’s get together. The Maintenance Person assists management in achieving and maintaining outstanding interior and exterior restaurant cleanliness and maintaining restaurant equipment. As a member of the Maintenance Team, your restaurant will support you with the tools and training needed to succeed. The Maintenance Person’s responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: • Filtering oil fryers daily • Maintaining outside grounds • Clean equipment, inside and outside windows, stock rooms and restrooms • Unload delivery truck 2 times a week • Take out and empty trash compactor • Change light bulbs • Clean HVAC/Exhaust units and roof of debris This job posting is for a position in a restaurant owned and operated by an independent franchisee, not McDonald’s Corporation or McDonald’s USA, LLC. This means the independent franchisee, and not McDonald’s Corporation or McDonald’s USA, LLC, is alone responsible for all employment related matters in the restaurant including, among other things, setting any requirements for this job and all decisions concerning hiring, firing, discipline, supervisions, staffing and scheduling. McDonald’s Corporation or McDonald’s USA, LLC will not receive a copy of any application you submit for this job posting and will have no control over whether you receive an interview and/or are ultimately hired, does not control and is not responsible for the employment policies and practices of independent franchisees, and does not employ independent franchisees’ employees. If you are hired for this job posting, the independent franchisee, and not McDonald’s Corporation or McDonald’s USA, LLC, will be your employer. This job posting contains some general information about what it is like to work in a McDonald’s restaurant, but is not a complete job description. People who work in a McDonald’s restaurant perform a number of different tasks every day, and this posting does not list all of the essential functions of the job. McDonald's Franchisee uses PeopleMatter to make the application process simple.
OH Customer Service Representative

       
Front Desk Receptionist

Requirements: Completion of High School (achieved a diploma) Front Desk experience is preferred (will get first choice) but not necessary Need to have strong communications, time management and multitasking skills. Need to know how to work a computer and the basic software's (Microsoft) Job Responsibilities: Communicate with the customers Recieve, Talk and Make phone calls Handling the online reservations made by the customers Handling the cash register Completing the computer work given Job Type: Part-time Salary: $10.40 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Knights inn. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Business Analyst 3 - 00201311

      
Consumer/Customer And Clientele Portfolio Associate

Job Description Reasonable accommodations may be made to ensure individuals with disabilities are able to perform the essential functions. Position Type: Full-time Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age Must have a valid driver's license and be eligible for coverage under Caliber's insurance policy (Not an excluded driver) Must be able to satisfactorily complete a criminal background check Must be able to stand for long periods of time and must be able to walk, sit, bend, push/pull, stoop, kneel, crouch, reach or crawl frequently Job Type: Full-time Salary: $18.00 /hour » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Postal Annex. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Operations Technical Support Representat...

Last Updated: 2010-01-20 Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
900 E. Broad St. | Richmond, VA 23219 | Map it | (804)646-7000
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Mayor Dwight C. Jones | © 2010 City of Richmond
Veterinary Assistant

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.  The salary listed on this job posting is the starting salary range; amount offered will depend upon qualifications.
For information related to Essential Functions, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required to Perform Work, and Working Conditions & Hazards of this position, click here.  Locate and click on the position title to view the job classification specification. For evaluation purposes, acceptable qualifying experience for all positions must have been in a paid capacity unless noted otherwise in the minimum qualifications for the posted position. Additionally, 30+ hours per week will be counted as full-time employment and will receive full credit for the amount of time employed.  A minimum of 15 through 29 work hours per week will be counted as part-time employment and will receive half credit for the amount of time employed. Vacancies currently available in the following department(s): Dallas Animal Services  EDUCATION: To view the employee benefits offered by the City of Dallas click here. Required Question
Donor Relations Manager

    About | ADA Info | Board Members | Contact | Careers | Press | In the News |             
Baking Assistant


Online Processor Data Entry Operator

Marketing Automation Platform
Driver Helper


Division Secretary-Ahuja-PT-Nights/Weekends-24 hrs/wk

Provides clinical, reception, communication, and guest relations support using verbal, electronic, and written techniques to maintain the operations of the assigned area.Maintains the patient record (in written and/or electronic format).Facilitates communication and efficient unit operations.Orders supplies.Initiates and maintains positive relationships with patients/customers.Initiates and maintains positive relationships with co-workers.Takes responsibility for self-development and supports a learning environment. Displays commitment to the mission of the hospital and its values.   1-2 years experience in a clinical/secretarial experience.Ability to type 40 wpm required.Basic understanding of medical terminology preferred.Ability to complete tasks with minimal supervision.Ability to cope with stressful situations and adjust to varying workloads required.Accurate spelling and transcription.Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills and excellent communication skills both written and verbal, as well as, exhibiting strong organizational skills and work ethic.Demonstrates a professional demeanor when responding to patients/customers.Proficient computer skills, including MS Office products.Familiar with operation of standard office equipment.  Education Requirements:  High School diploma  License Requirements:  Basic Life Support required within one month of employment   Click Here if you ARE a Current EmployeeClick Here if you are NOT a Current Employee Next you will be prompted to log in. Click Here if you ARE a Current EmployeeClick Here if you are NOT a Current Employee Next you will be prompted to log in. Click Here if you ARE a
Current Employee Click Here if you are NOT a
Current Employee Click Here if you are interested in Physician Opportunities with University Hospitals UH Partnership Hospital Job Search This is an external job search page.
All current UH employees must apply through the internal site by clicking here. For appointments/referrals:
1-866-UH4- CARE
For general information:
216-844-8447 or 888-844- 8447
Telephone Directory
Contact Us Online
Assistant Ombuds/Office Manager


PUBLIC SAFETY AIDE (Shiftwork Required -...

PLEASE READ THE JOB ANNOUNCEMENT FOR APPLICATION SUBMITTAL REQUIREMENTS The City offers a wide variety of benefits to their employees. In addition to the competitive benefits package and salary, the City offers 401(a) participation with a 9% City contribution and no employee match!!

Say "Hello" to the City of Fort Lauderdale and Say "Goodbye" to Your Student Loan!
That's right! Under the U.S. Department of Education's Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program, the remaining balance on your student loan may be forgiven after you have made 120 qualifying monthly payments while working full-time at the City of Fort Lauderdale!  Please visit www.fortlauderdale.gov/PublicServiceLoanForgiveness for more information or to see if you qualify.
Social Video Coordinator (Contract)

  Fullscreen Home Page
Gate Attendant

A Gate Attendant must strive to provide great customer service and protect company assets by thoroughly and accurately checking merchandise on incoming and outgoing vehicles on the yard.  A Gate Attendant greets customers, directs customers to merchandise and arranges for customer assistance when needed.  The position also includes assembly of products and securing merchandise on vehicles for customers.  Since the Gate Attendant will often be the first and last person a customer will encounter when shopping at Marvin's they should greet each customer when they enter and thank each customer for shopping with us when they leave. ______________________________________________________________________________    Must have good oral/written communication skills in order to effectively interact with customers, vendors, and other associates in person and on the telephone. Must be customer service-oriented and team-oriented as well as operating by the company's Mission and Values. Must have good organizational skills. Must be able to effectively manage multiple tasks simultaneously.  Must be able to reach, bend, twist, kneel, lift up to 50 lbs., handle large odd shaped items, and read instructions and use hand tools to assemble products. Must be able to accurately count and distinguish merchandise.  Must be able to work a flexible schedule including weekends, evenings, and holidays. ______________________________________________________________________________  This job is an hourly position with eligibility for gain-sharing on store performance.  There are no guarantees for career progression.  This does not mean that you will not be considered for other store positions or opportunities.  Marvin's culture is to promote from within and consideration will be given to Marvin's candidates with experience.  Marvin's, Inc. complies with all applicable equal employment laws, including the Americans with Disabilities Act.  Qualified individuals with a disability may request reasonable accommodation from the company. You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Shipping & Receiving Clerk

The position is full-time with lots of overtime opportunities. You'll report directly to the Warehouse Manager and will be responsible for receiving all in-bound product into the facility, as well as the inputting of this information into computer system. There are two shifts available. The AM shift begins at 6:00 am, and the PM shift starts at 4:30 pm. The hourly wage is dependent on experience but ranges from $14-$16.50. We provide medical and dental benefits, PTO, and a $500 Sign-On Bonus for PM shift. Duties Minimum qualifications (required): The ideal candidate has (not required): Alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:
Production Assembly 1

        :   :         
Development Coordinator

         
Office Manager

Seeking a Full-time Experienced Office Manager. MUST BE ABLE TO TRAVEL TO ALL OFFICES- ATHERTON, WALNUT CREEK, SONOMA, AND FRESNO Front Desk Duties: Management Duties: Compensation: TBD Benefits: Holiday Pay, PTO, Sick leave, Bonuses, 401k, Medical, Vision, and Dental Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Required education: Required experience: Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to California Sinus Centers. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
2018 Analyst and Associate Training Program

Display the page in french The bank for a changing world Click to display the search engine  All news stories Global Goals Climate Actions Our events Dream Up Climate Initiative Think you have what it takes?
Apply to work with us! Contract type Country Careers BNP Paribas group Click to display the search engine Standard / Permanent US-NY-New York MISCELLANEOUS HUM000172 Share Tools BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) offers clients capital markets, financing and advisory services. It is a globally recognized leader in many areas of expertise including structured financing and derivatives across a variety of asset classes. Join our team and you will soon get a feel for our culture – and the mutual respect, collaboration and support that characterize our working environment. Our structured Graduate Development program offers first class training and support for bright and ambitious individuals.  You will begin with induction training lasting up to four weeks before moving into a real, full-time role in one of a number of business areas. This is the fundamental difference between our program and others. You start a real job from the beginning, taking on real responsibility and accelerating your career development. Throughout your program you will have access to a wide range of development opportunities and will receive on-the-job coaching and support from your colleagues and class.    Qualifications: •       Undergrad or first year masters degree (December 2017 - May 2018 graduation date) •       Record of academic achievement •       Dynamic and quick thinker with ability to multi-task & prioritize •       Strong analytical/quantitative skills •       Detail oriented with a complete focus on quality results •       Strong communication skills •       Technical proficiency in MS Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint Share this offer! Tools Global Markets Lab Machine Learning Expert Comptable SCV H/F Belgium Belgique België BNP Paribas is a leading bank in the eurozone and a prominent international banking institution Cotation BNP Paribas at a glance Publications Our Brands Follow us on The bank for a changing world BNP Paribas uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. By using our site, you accept our cookie policy
Golf Cart Porter - Part Time - Closes 01/17/2018


Account Coordinator

Our focus? Make brands mean something to consumers no matter how they come in contact. Which is why we have deep expertise across multiple disciplines. This creates an integrated solution of the critical marketing capabilities our clients need. Not to mention less overhead and more cohesive thinking. It works! Over 100 top brands agree. Founded in 1993, The Marketing Arm has a distinctive culture that aims to inspire the best people to improve daily, think bigger, and maximize fun. We have 750+ employees across 15 offices in 10 countries and are a part of the DAS Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc. If you care about awards, we’ve got those too: “Most Awarded Agency,” “Most Creative Agency,” “Best Places to Work,” Lions, Pencils, Clios, Reggies … you name it. Our culture is unbeatable, and we're growing in size and capability every day. We have fun, take pride in our work, and welcome talented people who want to do the same. Be Anywhere. Do Anything. Start Here. Are you into creating Big Ideas that change the world? Are you constantly on the lookout for “what’s next”? Do you get excited about facing down challenges? Are you leadership material? If so, then you could be the person The Marketing Arm is looking for. Who You Are You’re passionate about your work and commit to whatever it takes to get the job done. You believe the team is stronger than the individual. You have an entrepreneurial spirit.  You look, you learn, you envy and you become better. You’re a big picture thinker who’s courageous enough to pursue your passions. Manage an executive’s schedule & coordinate meetings with teams and clients Manage travel & expenses Coordinate weekly internal status and prepare the weekly status document along with meeting reports Collect status updates from account leads to add into a spreadsheet that will be distributed at each meeting Responsible for creating and storing case studies Handle ticket requests for account leads and clients Local sports teams and concerts in client-based markets Work across all the brands under this executive Assist planning and working events, both internal & with clients Team business and offsite meetings Coordinate projects & marketing promotions Participate in brainstorms and concepting for AOP Assist with mailing and deliveries to clients Support teams by processing internal information requests Assist building & editing decks Assist in preparation for presentations You will not be assigned to a specific account, but you will work across them all, so your daily tasks will deviate. You will assist an Executive on high-level projects that are often direct requests from our clients’ leadership. You will also be called on to be the ultimate team player, often jumping in on projects and events on a whim so be prepared to jump in where ever needed. Additional Responsibilities The primary role of the account coordinator is to be the account teams’ go-to person, assisting across all projects: internal and external. Become familiar with tactical elements of a marketing plan and how they are used. Assist account team with brainstorm meetings for concept development. Work with other agency partners to schedule meetings. Help inform presentations, POVs, budgets and creative briefs. Act as an internal liaison among production, account and creative teams. Assist account team in coordinating and producing special projects for clients. Monitor industry trends relevant to a client’s business or applicable industries. Attend ongoing agency training programs. Support cross-functional team: Communicate and interact effectively with cross-agency teams for all departments and/or clients to deliver timely client decisions and approvals.?? Successfully manage agency/client task force and project management from program concept to flawless execution and measurement/performance results.?? Responsible for all direct conference reports and tracking of changes, approvals, and direction from internal, client and customer meetings. Monitor project timeline and work flow. Maintain program files/binders. Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing or communications General knowledge of the industry 1-2 years of advertising, PR or promotional background including relevant internships and course work Knowledge of social/mobile media Solid organizational and written communication skills Knowledge of creative process and the expectations of clients Knowledge of client service relations Please list first and last name of referring Employee so they can get credit for you. Please indicate the general salary range you are interested in that aligns with your experience. Your E-signature required to complete your application. A Summary of Your Rights Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act Article 23-A of New York Correction Law
Customer Account Representative

Global Relay is the leading provider of cloud-based archiving, supervision, eDiscovery, and analytics for the global financial sector. We deliver services to 23,000 customers in 90 countries, including 22 of the top 25 global banks. Our market-leading archiving service supports email, instant messaging, Bloomberg®, Thomson Reuters, social media, mobile messaging, and more – with mobile, Outlook, and web access.  Our Global Operations & Development Center is located in Vancouver, BC, Canada. In addition, we have offices in six other cities across the world, including major financial centers like New York, Chicago, and London.  Over the years, we have won several major awards, including:  We provide fantastic opportunities to individuals passionate about business and technology. For those with international business aspirations, we offer invaluable opportunities for doing business with some of the world’s largest, most influential firms. Our company is also perfect for those who want to create cool technology using massively scalable, big-data architecture, with a strong focus on mobile.  To learn more about our business, culture, and community involvement, visit www.globalrelay.com. Working closely with Sales Representatives and routinely with other company departments including accounting, customer training and support, the successful candidate will work primarily with prospective customers, interpreting their requirements and communicating solutions, as well as assisting with the introduction and follow-up on new products and features.  Role Responsibilities:  Qualifications:  To Apply:  Think you’re a great fit for this job? Apply today with your cover letter and resume in one PDF document. No phone calls please. Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada.
Online Personal Shopper

 Job Title: Online Personal Shopper FLSA: Non-Exempt Department: Grocery Revision Date: 11/2014 General Function
: As a Personal Shopper, this position will allow you the opportunity to select “the best of the best” products for our online shoppers. The Personal Shopper will accurately select groceries ordered online by our customers, bag, pack, and load into the customer vehicle. Reporting Relations: Accountable and Reports to: Online Shopping Manager Direct Reports: None Primary Duties and Responsibilities
: 1. Provides prompt, efficient and friendly customer service by exhibiting caring, concern and patience in all customer interactions and treating customers as the most important people in the store. 2. Smiles and greets customers in a friendly manner, whether the encounter takes place in the employee's designated department or elsewhere in the store. 3. Makes an effort to learn customers' names and to address them by name whenever possible. 4. Assists customers by: 5. Answers the telephone and emails promptly and provides friendly, helpful service to customers who call. 6. Accurately selects groceries ordered online by customers. 7. Selects highest quality produce, meat, and other fresh products. 8. Select, scan, and bag items from all temperature zones. 9. Tender customer orders through POS and charge the customer's credit card. 10. Upon gathering orders, place in storage at proper temperature and promptly retrieve from storage prior to customer's arrival. 11. Ensure products maintain proper temperature through the entire process. 12. Cart to and place in holding area for pick-up. 13. Lift, carry, and load groceries into customer vehicle. 14. Adheres to company policies and individual store guidelines. 15. Reports to work when scheduled and on time. Secondary Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Performs other job-related duties and special projects as required. Education and Experience: High School Diploma or equivalent preferred Physical Requirements: · Visual requirements include: ability to see detail at near range with or without correction. · Must be physically able to perform medium work: occasionally lifting or carrying objects of no more than 50 pounds, with frequent standing, walking, and lifting/carrying of objects of no more than 25 pounds. · Must be able to perform the following physical activities: stooping, kneeling, reaching, handling, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing and repetitive motions. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Worker Characteristics: · Commitment to the Hy-Vee Mission and a willingness to promote the values of the company · Good verbal and written communication skills · Strong interpersonal skills; ability to relate to and interact with people in a friendly, professional manner · Ability to identify problems, develop and execute solutions · Must possess the ability to substitute products for customers, upon request and unavailability. · Well organized, able to multi-task, and work in a fast-paced environment. · Ability to work independently and complete daily workload with limited supervision. Working Conditions
: The duties of this position are mostly performed in a retail store setting. This position maybe exposed to dust, noise, and temperature extremes. There are possible hazards from moving equipment and possible electrical shock. There is constant pressure to meet deadlines and handle multiple projects in a day. This is a fast paced work environment. Equipment Used to Perform Job: Pallet jack, box cutter, cash registers, trash compactor, fork lift, calculator, telephone, intercom, cardboard compactor, copier, fax (within wage and hour guidelines). Contacts: Has daily contact with store personnel, customers, and the general public. Hy-Vee, Inc. is an employee-owned corporation operating 240 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $9.3 billion annually. Hy-Vee ranks among the top 25 supermarket chains and the top 50 private companies in the United States. Supermarket News, the authoritative voice of the food industry, has honored the company with a Whole Health Enterprise Award for its leadership in providing services and programs that promote a healthy lifestyle. © 2009-2018 Recruitics, Inc. All rights reserved Post your Job Here
Physician Billing Associate


Veterinary Assistant/Receptionist

We are looking for an individual who loves animals of all types. As a kennel tech you will be responsible for making sure the kennel is clean and well kept at all times. Job duties include but are not limited to the following: Feed/ water animals, clean runs/ cages, setup cages/ runs, setup for surgery appointments, sweeping/ mopping, clean exam rooms, stock kennel/ exam rooms, play with animals during our extended play times, bathing dogs/ cats, restraining animals for the Tech/ Veterinarian, limited office work: answer phones, file client folders, load exam rooms, check patients weights, obtain a medical history for the Tech/ Veterinarian from the pet's owners, stock food shelves ( can/ dry pet food), release animals from boarding and intake for boarding. There are some nights that require us to work We especially are looking for someone with Veterinary Experience, but are willing to train someone if needed. Being a kennel tech/ tech asst. you will work every other weekend (1-2 hours in AM and 1 hour in PM) but you will have a set schedule during the week. We will hire college students as long as their schedule fits into our needed hours for this semester. ** WE DO REQUIRE EMPLOYEES TO WORK HOLIDAYS!!** **PLEASE DO NOT CALL OUR OFFICE. YOU CAN SEND ALL QUESTIONS/INQUIRES TO THE EMAIL ASSOCIATED WITH THIS LISTING. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE** Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Capstone Veterinary Hospital, PC. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Warehouse Worker

Alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:
Supervisor III (Human Resources)

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.  The salary listed on this job posting is the starting salary range; amount offered will depend upon qualifications.
For information related to Essential Functions, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required to Perform Work, and Working Conditions & Hazards of this position, click here.  Locate and click on the position title to view the job classification specification. For evaluation purposes, acceptable qualifying experience for all positions must have been in a paid capacity unless noted otherwise in the minimum qualifications for the posted position. Additionally, 30+ hours per week will be counted as full-time employment and will receive full credit for the amount of time employed.  A minimum of 15 through 29 work hours per week will be counted as part-time employment and will receive half credit for the amount of time employed. Vacancies currently available in the following departments: Fire- Civilian (DFDC) EDUCATION: To view the employee benefits offered by the City of Dallas click here. Required Question
Coordinator, Corporate and Volunteer Engagement

About iMentor iMentor builds mentoring relationships that empower students in low-income communities to graduate high school, succeed in college, and achieve their ambitions. Students work with their mentors one-on-one, in-person and online, to develop strong personal relationships, nurture a college aspiration, navigate the college application process, and build critical skills that lead to college success. In New York City, iMentor partners with public schools to ensure every student in the schools receives a mentor. iMentor also provides its curriculum, technology, and best practices to help nonprofits run effective programs in the iMentor model. Since 1999, iMentor has connected more than 25,000 students with mentors. This year, iMentor is serving 3,800 mentor-mentee pairs in New York City and 3,500 more nationwide. iMentor has been recognized through funding by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Lumina Foundation, the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, and the Robin Hood Foundation, and was a subgrantee of the federal Social Innovation Fund. iMentor is one of the nation’s most innovative and quickly growing mentoring organizations. As a team, we are mission-focused, results-oriented, passionate and fun, and were named one of the Best Nonprofits to Work For by Opportunity Knocks and The Nonprofit Times. Position Overview Reporting to the NYC Director of Corporate and Community Engagement (DCE), the Coordinator, Corporate & Volunteer Engagement will support the execution of iMentor NYC’s volunteer recruitment strategy with the goal of recruiting mentors for the 2018-19 program year. With the support of the Director of Corporate and Community Engagement (DCE), the Coordinator maintains systems and executes projects that contribute to achieving the recruitment and engagement team’s goals in the areas of recruitment, mentor orientation, mentor experience, appreciation and support. The Coordinator will support in planning and executing recruitment and engagement events, including mentor panel discussions and Ready, Set, Mentor quarterly happy hours. The Coordinator also plays a key role in representing the organization to the public, generating excitement towards volunteerism and inspiring prospective mentors to become a champion for college success. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated experience in volunteer and relationship management, recruitment, public speaking or community organizing. The Coordinator will be successful in providing exceptional customer service coordinating large projects and events, and have the ability to connect with and motivate individuals of all ages and backgrounds. Responsibilities Prospective Mentor Communication Orientation Support Event Support Data and Systems Administrative Support Qualifications Compensation & Benefits How to Apply Visit www.imentor.org/jobs to submit a resume and detailed cover letter describing your interest in and qualifications for the position. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, so it is in candidates’ best interest to apply as soon as possible. No phone, email, mail, or fax inquiries will receive a response. iMentor is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a Commitment to Diversity  Should be {http://www.linkedin.com/pub/[member-name/]x/y/z} or {http://www.linkedin.com/in/string}
DUANE READE STOCKPERSON

Keyword Location Radius
Select a radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles  No recently viewed jobs No saved jobs Pharmacy, in-store,
corporate & distribution Help people get and
stay
well every day. Be the first to know of new job opportunities. Email address Category Location Confirm Email   © Copyright 2018 Walgreen Co. All rights reserved.
Walgreens is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. If you need an accommodation or assistance in using the Walgreens Healthcare Clinics website, please click here. Patient care services at Healthcare Clinic at select Walgreens provided by Take Care Health Services, an independently owned professional corporation whose licensed healthcare professionals are not employed by or agents of Walgreen Co. or its subsidiaries, including Take Care Health Systems LLC. Walgreens Co., through its subsidiary Take Care Health Systems LLC, provides management services to provider practices and in-store clinics.
Operations Program Manager - Hardware Refresh

Please limit to 3 applications.
Media Relations Intern

    
Entry Level Customer Relationship Lead - Full Time - Weekly...

medical Entry Level Customer Relationship Lead - Full Time - Weekly Pay This position is ENTRY LEVEL & FULL TIME Ever been terrified of working a 9-5 job where you watched the minutes tick by every single day? Or ever been told that you could make a brick wall talk back or described as competitive, hard-working and ambitious? If so, you've come to the right website and that quick apply button below is for you! 818 Global Inc is looking for smart, energetic and competitive professionals looking to grow their experience within the marketing and sales industry. Though the career opportunity is entry level, all experience levels will be considered as growth into management is performance based. This Entry Level Customer Relationship Lead position involves in-person, business to consumer sales here in the local South Jersey area. Our talented teams of trained professionals represent our client with unparalleled integrity and character. Responsibilities Some of the benefits: You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Shipping & Receiving Specialist

English Spanish German French Chinese Stealth Components, Inc. is a global distributor of semiconductors, integrated circuits and  electronic components.  Our extensive and worldwide supplier base offers our global customers quick access to difficult-to-find parts. The Shipping and Receiving Assistant position verifies and keeps records on incoming and outgoing shipments and prepares items for shipment by performing the following duties to quality and productivity standards. Benefits By Phone: 001.704.759.2600
By Email: results@stealthcomponents.com Quality takes commitment. That’s why we’ve developed a comprehensive Quality Management System, including an internal Quality Control (QC) program and a robust vendor selection... With over 600 manufacturers available, we're sure to have what you need to keep your production line moving.
DISPATCHER

 Veterans Wanted - Veterans Encouraged to Apply Provide legal advice to Board of Commissioners and County Departments.  Process claims and lawsuits filed against the County and coordinate with external counsel.  Serve as the County’s Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) and Equal Employment Opportunity Compliance Officer.  Serve as FOIA Coordinator for all County Offices except Office of Prosecuting Attorney and Drain Commissioner.  Draft and review contracts. Also, act as EEO Compliance Officer to facilitate the grievance procedure set forth in Personnel Policy.  Research, review and process all legislative and statutory changes that affect County government.  Perform other duties as directed by Board of Commissioners. Juris Doctorate degree and licensed to practice law in the State of Michigan. Five years municipal law experience, or comparable combination of experience, training and education. Comprehensive knowledge of municipal law and strong understanding of authorities and responsibilities of Counties, Cities, Villages, and Townships. Up to date on applicable Federal and State laws. Skills in analysis, research, writing, court representation, and oral and written communications. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Meri Tolbert, HR Specialist
201 West Kalamazoo Avenue, Suite 407
Kalamazoo, MI 49007 Secure buildings and conduct security inspections of citizens who enter or are on County or Court property.  Respond quickly to alarm points or any other breaches of security.  Operate a radio or other transmitting device for communication with Court or other police personnel.  Intervene in potentially problematic situations in order to diffuse possible violence and summon additional law enforcement.  Prepare written reports and records.  Operate screening equipment at court house entry points.  Assist in any area as directed by the Court as it relates to security. Must have two years of College, or the equivalent with military service and Michigan Commission on Law Enforcement Standards (MCOLES) certification.  Candidates must be a minimum of 21 years of age and possess a valid Michigan drivers’ license. Ability to pass a post-offer medical exam, drug screen, and psychological evaluation. Must pass a thorough background investigation. Ability to complete First Aid certification. Understand and retain knowledge of departmental rules, regulations, policies, security procedures and techniques.  Ability to react quickly and calmly in emergencies and multi-task. Ability to obtain accurate data, prepare written reports and communicate effectively. Ability to meet the physical requirements of the work, which includes the performance of strenuous tasks requiring muscular strength, coordination, and cardiovascular endurance.  No visible tattoos.  An individual with any of the following is ineligible for consideration for employment; a felony conviction; a pending felony or misdemeanor charge; a domestic violence conviction; or an outstanding warrant.  Must be MCOLES certified or certifiable. Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Undersheriff, James VanDyken
Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office
1500 Lamont St.,
Kalamazoo, MI 49048 Direct and specify appointment of attorneys for the indigent.  Perform bailiff duties for jury trials.  Assist Judges and referees at hearings, schedule hearings, resolve scheduling conflicts of judges, referees, attorneys or pro per parties, prepare and personally serve court orders and petitions on parties present at court hearings.  Prepare Court orders and reports from dictated, handwritten and computer drafted documentation.  Research, analyze, docket, scan and enter accurate information into the court’s case management system.  Certify documents, release information to appropriate parties, and research court files.  Respond to inquiries regarding court procedures, and case information from attorneys, court staff, other agencies, and the public by using the court’s case management system and other resources.  Direct, monitor and provide notice of hearing for all traffic cases, including reporting to the Secretary of State office.  Attend and monitor court proceedings, prepare and draft reports and orders, mark exhibits, operate audio and video recording equipment and maintain logs.  Coordinate a complete program of case management, file management and quality control for child protective, delinquency, and domestic matters.  Jointly coordinate, collaborate and assure movement of all court cases in cooperation the other court-related units.  Review, analyze and monitor legal documentation within court files, and/or submitted for judicial review for legal sufficiency and compliance with court rules and court orders.  Compile, analyze, and monitor statistical data for reports as needed.  Coordinate courtroom security and arrange for appearance of parties, in person, telephonically, or via videoconference, arranging for interpreters and special accommodations as needed.  Monitor case management functions to be in compliance with trial court standards set forth by the Michigan Supreme Court, including set-asides, transfers apprehension and detention orders, bench warrants and appeals.  Monitor court files and orders for compliance with Title IV-E funding requirements.  Monitor and distribute reports from caseworkers, public and private agencies, and attorneys.  Ensure proper service of all parties, including those to be summonsed, attorneys, outside, agencies and those who are required to notice of hearing.  Interview and prepare bail bonds for delinquent juveniles upon their release.  Collect court filing fees, restitution and other court-ordered payments.  Provide back-up for Judicial Aides if needed in her/his absence. Bachelor’s Degree in criminal justice or related field; two years court or related field experience; or comparable combination of training, education and experience. Basic knowledge of Microsoft package; propensity to learn new computer applications. Must possess ability to handle multiple priorities and continuous interruptions; work independently and as team member; produce high volume capacity; maintain composure in confrontational situations; excellent organizational/prioritization skills; excellent communication skills with Judges Attorneys, Public; maintain confidentiality; and potential for LEIN certification. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Clean offices and expo rooms, dust, sweep and mop, clean windows, bathrooms, mirrors, etc., empty wastebaskets.  Change light bulbs, strip and re-finish floors, clean carpets, buff floors, distribute and replenish supplies.  Check lights and secure doors/windows.  Move furniture as necessary and as directed for cleaning and/or re-arranging of offices. High School diploma or GED Certification with effective communication skills, including the ability to read and follow written and verbal directions. Must be able to lift up to 40 pounds. Must have a valid Michigan driver’s license and own transportation. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. To view the current collective bargaining agreement, please go to www.kalcounty.com/hrd and click on Union Contracts (left side). Click Here to Submit Application Online Clean bathrooms, dust, sweep and mop, clean bathroom mirrors & glass, empty wastebaskets.  Clean offices, strip and re-finish floors, vacuum and extract carpets, buff floors, distribute and replenish supplies. Check lights and secure doors/windows. Move furniture as needed and as directed for cleaning and/or re-arranging of offices. Must have a High School diploma or GED Certification, effective communication skills, including the ability to read and follow written and verbal directions in English.  Must be able to lift up to 40 pounds. Must have a valid Michigan driver’s license and own transportation. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. To view the current collective bargaining agreement, please go to www.kalcounty.com/hrd and click on Union Contracts (left side).  Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Administrative Manager
Department of Buildings & Grounds
201 W. Kalamazoo Avenue
Kalamazoo, MI 49007 Proper operation of all communications equipment.  Immediately respond to all calls for assistance and information for police, fire and EMS.  Proper distribution and transmission of service calls based on priority, Deputy availability, established response procedures, and geographical considerations.  Proper operation of the LEIN terminal.  Monitoring Deputy status and other jurisdictions radio frequencies.  Testify at any court proceeding.  File various records to include PPO’s and Conditional Bonds.  Maintain current knowledge of geographical locations such as streets, facilities, and highways. Associates Degree with priority to Bachelor’s Degree in Criminal Justice, Communications, or a related field of study, or two years of military service in a corresponding field of service. Must have outstanding communication skills such as active listening and speaking skills giving full attention to what is being said and conveying information effectively. Strong ability to multitask, adjusting actions in relation to others actions while on the phone or other radio frequency. Must have critical thinking skills and apply alternative solutions to problems. Must be able to hear clearly. Must have good keyboarding and data entry skills including the ability to type 35 wpm. Knowledge in the use of basic office equipment. No visible tattoos. Must pass a thorough background investigation. An individual with any of the following is ineligible for consideration for employment: A felony conviction; a pending felony or misdemeanor charge, a domestic violence conviction, or an outstanding warrant. To view the current collective bargaining agreement, please go to www.kalcounty.com/hrd and click on Union Contracts (left side). VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application.  Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Lt. Michelle Greenlee
1500 Lamont Ave.
Kalamazoo, MI 49048 Review, analyze and summarize files for pending hearings, trials, pre-trial conferences, motions and status conferences.  Research applicable case law and statues and prior court decisions to prepare the judge by writing opinions, orders and legal memoranda.  Assumes complete responsibility for jurors by escorting them to and from the courtroom, monitoring jury breaks, answering questions, acting as liaison between judge and jurors and attending to jurors during the trial and subsequent deliberations or until they are released by the court.  Responsible for keeping track of and securing all evidence admitted during trial.  Monitor appeals and all cases under advisement ensuring that decisions are issued within time guidelines per Michigan statues and court rules.  Maintain the courtroom which includes filling water pitchers, maintaining video equipment and unlocking and securing all courtroom entrances.  Perform clerical duties including retrieving files and scheduling impromptu matters not on the weekly master schedule. Must be a graduate of an accredited university and law school.  Must possess extensive knowledge of the Michigan legal system including regional/federal civil and criminal procedures. Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Must be able to handle a heavy workload, changes priorities, meet deadlines, perform legal research using available research tools and legal citations:  and as part of the primary judicial support staff, deal with tense/confrontational situations with dignity, professionalism and confidence. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Conduct all levels of CLIA regulated testing from high complexity to waived testing accurately and efficiently, while abiding by all pertinent laboratory regulations.  Collect and process specimens, including phlebotomy, of potentially infectious blood samples and transfer specimens (serum, stool, sputum, and other body fluids) from HCS clinics and programs to Michigan Department of Health and Human Services and other laboratories for analysis as necessary.  Specimen processing of all clinical, environmental health, and send-out specimens.  Conduct all levels of Department of Environmental Quality regulated testing.  Maintain equipment and trouble shoot problems when needed. Associate's degree in Medical Technology or equivalent based on current CLIA regulations with knowledge, education, and experience in clinical laboratory, microbiology, chemistry, biochemistry, serology, and molecular biology required.  Must have ASCP certification (or equivalent) as MLT, or be eligible. Eligible technicians must receive certification within 1 year of hire date.  Phlebotomy skills are preferred. Knowledge of Biohazards, Chemical Hazards and Universal Precautions are required. Computer skills are required for daily operations including user-based programming of analytical instruments, data entry, testing and resulting. Good communication skills, ability to multi-task, strong interpersonal and organizational skills are preferred.  VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Counsel WIC pregnant and breastfeeding women by telephone or in the WIC clinics and assist with breastfeeding promotional activities.  Provide close contact and follow up to mothers during early postnatal period.  Assist with breastfeeding nutrition education data entry.  Track all client contact in logs and in Michigan Women, Infant & Children database.  Assist with classes and support groups.  Issue breast pumps and provide information to participants on how to use, clean, and store breastmilk and pumps. High school diploma.  The experience and ability to successfully assist Mothers in breast feeding skills.  Administrative experience in a clinical setting.  Experience working with children. Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.  Professional level written and verbal communication skills.  Cross cultural communication skills and ability to communicate with participants and staff members.  Ability to attend the first available breast feeding basic training. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Daily preparation of nutritious and varied meals utilizing Federal Standardized Recipes.  Follow daily cleaning schedule for assigned shift.  Inventory all knives at the beginning and end of each shift. Properly operate and maintain kitchen and appliances.  Provide direction to Day Treatment participants who are assigned to kitchen duty.  Clear knowledge of and adherence to all facility policies and procedures.  Ensure that all foods are prepared, served and stored at proper temperatures.  High school diploma or equivalent.  Certification through the Michigan School Food Service Association.   Two years’ experience working in moderate size kitchen.  Knowledge of volume cooking and maintaining high vitamin content in foods. Click Here to Submit Application Online Monitor and ensure the safety and security of all residents and facility staff.  Possess clear knowledge of and adhere to all facility policies and procedures.  Ensure individual and group interaction with residents.  Conduct individual and group interactions with co-workers and administration.  Paperwork/information management.  Interact with residents and exercise control over and restrain residents at times of outbursts to prevent possible injury to staff, other residents or themselves. Complete behavior management information charts, logs and written reports.  Communicate with co-workers and residents. Two (2) years college in criminal justice, sociology, psychology, or related human services, with completion of undergraduate degree preferred.  Experience working with juveniles required, work with troubled youths preferred. VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application. Click Here to Submit Application Online Operate emergency vehicle and patrol County areas to enforce traffic laws and respond to emergencies or other calls for assistance received from the dispatcher.  Investigate traffic accidents, domestic disturbances, and reports of criminal activity; conduct surveillance/searches and gather evidence.  Pursue suspects, issue traffic & appearance citations, make probable cause & warrant arrests, and transport suspects in custody.  Prepare written reports and records, including the completion of Vehicle Pursuit forms, Use of Force forms, arrest reports, On-the-job Injury reports, and other case related documentation.  Testify in case related court proceedings.  Other duties as assigned.  Minimum of 30 college credit hours or equivalent military training and experience, and Michigan Commission on Law Enforcement Standards (M.C.O.L.E.S.) certified/certifiable.  Additionally, candidate must be a citizen of the United States, 21-years of age or older, and possess a valid Michigan driver’s license. Must pass a drug screen, physical/medical examination, and thorough background check. Must have knowledge of law enforcement procedures and techniques. Must have effective written and verbal communication skills, composure during stressful situations, and basic computer skills including experience with word processing and database data entry. Must be physically able to wear and operate respiratory protection devices, and to learn and apply self-defense and other procedures for dealing with hostile or violent citizens. Upon hire, must become First Aid, CPR, and AED certified. Special note: Any individual with a felony conviction, a pending felony or misdemeanor charge, a domestic violence conviction, or an outstanding warrant is ineligible for consideration for employment. To view the current collective bargaining agreement, please go to www.kalcounty.com/hrd and click on Union Contracts (left side). VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Undersheriff James VanDyken
1500 Lamont St.
Kalamazoo, MI 49048 Provide vehicular transport of inmates between Kalamazoo County Jail and the courthouse, and to or from other jurisdictions and prisons as necessary; provide ambulatory transport of inmates within the jail and between the courthouse holding area and the courtroom.  Provide courtroom security; make courtroom arrests after sentencing.  Operate courthouse security checkpoints.  Arrest persons detained at the probation/parole office and courthouse security checkpoints.  Prepare accurate and complete written reports and records, including investigation data entry and preparation of bond release papers.  Conduct Law Enforcement Information Network (LEIN) searches and data entry or revisions.  Testify in court on jail related investigations.  Assist with jail security and inmate supervision.  Perform all the duties of a Corrections Officer and a Sheriff’s Deputy-Corrections.  Other duties as assigned. Minimum of 30 college credit hours or equivalent military training and experience, with Michigan Corrections Officer Training Council (M.C.O.T.C.) certification and Michigan Commission on Law Enforcement Standards (M.C.O.L.E.S.) certified/certifiable.  Additionally, candidate must be a citizen of the United States, 21-years of age or older, and possess a valid Michigan driver’s license. Must pass a drug screen, physical/medical examination, and thorough background check. Must have knowledge of law enforcement procedures and techniques. Must have effective written and verbal communication skills, composure during stressful situations, and basic computer skills including experience with word processing and database data entry. Must be physically able to wear and operate respiratory protection devices, and to learn and apply self-defense and other procedures for dealing with hostile or violent citizens. Upon hire, must become LEIN, First Aid, CPR, and AED certified. Special note: Any individual with a felony conviction, a pending felony or misdemeanor charge, a domestic violence conviction, or an outstanding warrant is ineligible for consideration for employment. To view the current collective bargaining agreement, please go to www.kalcounty.com/hrd and click on Union Contracts (left side). VETERANS:  Please provide your joint services transcript with your application.  Click Here to Submit Application Online Send Resume to:
Undersheriff James VanDyken
1500 Lamont St.
Kalamazoo, MI 49048 Share us using your favorite app.  Commissioners/Boards | Services/Programs | Departments/Courts | Directories | FOIA
About Us | ADA Information | Employment | Accountability/Transparency | Public Notices
County Home | News & Events | Email Us | Links

Copyright and Disclaimer 1995 - 2017, County of Kalamazoo©
DATA ENTRY/INVENTORY CONTROL CLERK

Physician Referral
call 305 674 2273 DATA ENTRY ANALYST As Mount Sinai continues to grow, so does our legacy of caring. Mount Sinai Medical Center is proud to be South Florida's hospital of choice for great medicine. With more than 3,000 employees, 500 volunteers, 670 beds, 26 operating suites and more than 650 physicians and 950 nurses, Mount Sinai is South Florida's largest private independent not-for-profit teaching hospital. It takes the contribution of many individuals to make Mount Sinai the world-class institution it is today. As a team, we have focused our efforts on assuring that our patients receive high quality medical care.  We're looking for motivated professionals who seek the challenge and stimulation of working in an academic medical center with an international reputation. We are looking for a sharp, enthusiastic, professional  to become part of the energy and join our Purchasing team where you will engage in our efforts to improve patient satisfaction, clinical outcomes, and operational efficiency. Requirements: Must have ability to solve complex problems requiring the use of basic mathematical principles.  Strong human relations skills to develop positive service oriented relationship between all hospital departments. Ability to operate  a personal computer is essential.  Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Requires communication skills to effectively deal with conflicting issues and mediate fair solutions.
Personal Shopper Full Time Spectrum Center

       © 2017 Harris Teeter, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Victim Witness Coordinator


Dinotorium Ranger

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Dinotorium Ranger The Dino Ranger works to oversee all of our “Rangers in Training” to make sure they have a safe, secure and fun environment, interacting with them as an Employee of the Dinotorium, and preparing them to be the Dino Rangers of the future.  Additional duties may be assigned.  Management retains the discretion to change or add to the duties of this position at anytime. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.
Accounts Payable

CoAd Summary: CoAdvantage, a portfolio company of Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity, provides human resource solutions to small and mid-sized businesses.  Headquartered in Tampa, Florida, CoAdvantage serves approximately 4000 clients representing more than 90,000 worksite employees in all 50 states through our 10 regional office locations.  The passion, commitment and expertise of our Associates allow us to deliver outstanding HR services to our clients, from entrepreneurial startups to mature business enterprises.  CoAdvantage's resources help America's business community grow and thrive!  Position Summary: The Accounts Payable Clerk reports to the AP manager and will focus on transactional accounts payable duties related to vendor invoices and payments for the Finance Department.  Essential Job Functions: Required Skills and Experience: Educational and Professional Licensing or Certification Requirements: Undergraduate degree in Accounting or Finance preferred You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Real Estate Processor III

In 1931, a small group of Dallas teachers applied for a credit union charter. In the beginning, CUTX assets totaled only $65! CUTX now ranks in the top 100 credit unions in the country in asset size. We serve over 120,000 members in all fifty states. Read More > Email: help@cutx.org
Facilities Operator, Gigafactory

Responsibilities: Requirements: Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Program Manager, Education Modernization

Please limit to 3 applications.
Research Assistant I


Business Development Manager

Business Development Manager Coca-Cola Beverages Florida (“CCBF”), headquartered in Tampa, Florida, is one of the largest independently owned and operated Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States. CCBF markets, sells, and distributes products of The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC) across the state of Florida.  The Business Development Manager is responsible for developing On Premise business through prospecting and new outlet acquisition within an assigned territory. This associate will be responsible for ‘hunting” for new business, acquiring new outlets, setting up new accounts and seamlessly transitioning of outlets to existing routing and replenishment structure. The position may cross multiple facility boundaries.  Responsibilities:  Experience/Education:  Coca-Cola Beverages Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
Quantitative Research Analyst

Position Description


Analytics Platform and Delivery team is seeking a quantitative developer to develop a distributed computing platform to deliver analytics to various users and applications.  The candidate must possess programming skills in C++ and Python with basic fixed income background.  This job is heavily involved in coding and system development but it also requires communications with quants in other teams. Analytics Platform and Delivery team is seeking a quantitative developer to develop a distributed computing platform to deliver analytics to various users and applications.  The candidate must possess programming skills in C++ and Python with basic fixed income background.  This job is heavily involved in coding and system development but it also requires communications with quants in other teams. Position Requirements


1)      A minimum bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent engineering background.  Graduation from a top school is preferred.
2)      3-5 years of working experience in top tier firms preferably with fixed income trading or research.  This is a 100% hands-on job with a wide range of exposures to various technologies including parallel computing, distributed services, and potentially cloud in near future.
3)      Extensive programming skills in C++ (STL, boost, design pattern) as well as Python, particularly interfaces across different programming languages, and how to make large volume of computations more scalable and efficient.
4)      Strong attention to details and result driven with high standard.  Responsible for the whole development cycle and being a team player. 1)      A minimum bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent engineering background.  Graduation from a top school is preferred. 2)      3-5 years of working experience in top tier firms preferably with fixed income trading or research.  This is a 100% hands-on job with a wide range of exposures to various technologies including parallel computing, distributed services, and potentially cloud in near future. 3)      Extensive programming skills in C++ (STL, boost, design pattern) as well as Python, particularly interfaces across different programming languages, and how to make large volume of computations more scalable and efficient. 4)      Strong attention to details and result driven with high standard.  Responsible for the whole development cycle and being a team player. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Event Sales Manager

Job you are applying for: Event Sales Manager at the following location(s): Punch Bowl Social- Sacramento - Sacramento, CA EVENT SALES MANAGER Punch Bowl Social is looking for a qualified individual to join their team in the capacity of Event Sales Manager. This person will be hardworking, dedicated, and experienced in high volume restaurant and event scenarios. About Us: Punch Bowl Social brings a southern-inspired scratch kitchen, led by culinary partner and celebrity chef, Hugh Acheson, a craft beverage program and a generous selection of old school games that provide a not-found-elsewhere day or night out experience. We are committed to our love of the trade, supreme hospitality, and believe in equality for each guest, team member and human being alike. We don’t take ourselves too seriously, but we do take food and beverage very serious. Here’s to going out right! #WinningAtAdulting QUALIFICATIONS • 3+ years experience in event specific sales • Extensive knowledge of the market • Experience in event operations • Ability to completed listed job responsibilities • Positive attitude, ability to work well in a team environment • Ability to accommodate a schedule based on volume ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Develop, plan and sell private parties at Punch Bowl Social • Responsible for generating private party sales first proactively, second organically • Establish sales objectives by creating sales plan and quotas • Achieves sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions • Continually grows relationships with current and new clients • Actively seeks out convention/tourism business • Works with GM on PR, sales & marketing initiatives • Responsible for effective contract management • Assumes responsibility for execution of events, communicates all request of the client in an effective and sensitive manner • Ensures all required elements are scheduled, ordered, and communicated with team  Please apply online at www.punchbowlsocial.com/careers You may also forward your resume to the email address linked with this ad. If you are interested in becoming part of a nationally expanding concept, with significant growth opportunities, we look forward to reviewing your resume. Punch Bowl Social uses PeopleMatter to make the application process simple.
Pet Sitter/ Dog Walker


Studio Associate

We are looking for customer service specialists for weekdays, evenings, weekends & holidays! If you are positive, outgoing, motivated, friendly, courteous, punctual and on the ball... Great! Color Me Mine might be just the place for you. We offer flexible scheduling, a creative atmosphere and room to grow in challenging and rewarding environment. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Color Me Mine has a small staff so each team member must multitask. This means greeting people when they enter, helping them find items, assisting with painting activities, performing standard register duties, explaining about parties, group visits, and calendar activities, and entertaining our guests. 2. Assisting with painting activities includes keeping the customers table supplied with ample paint and water as well as advising them on their basic techniques, critical for their customers success. Customers should not have to leave their seats to ask for help (unless they are browsing additional tools or products). When the customer is done, it is important that we provide extra care to the piece they leave behind as well as immediately turnover the table for the next customers. 3. The ability to work comfortably and effectively with groups of any age is key. Studio associates lead and direct all activities. Experience working with children is a plus. 4. Effective running of the studio requires organization, problem-solving, teamwork, and proactive behaviors. Each studio associate is required to perform daily tasks including preparing pottery, managing the studio calendar and group events, and keeping the studio neat & clean. 5. Pottery must be displayed attractively and the shelves kept neat. Studio associates are encouraged to use their own creativity in studio displays and to keep shelves organized and well-stocked. 6. New items are shipped in weekly. Studio staff opens boxes, places the items on shelves in the right category and cleans up the shipping materials. 7. Other tasks which may be performed by the staff include: 1. Hosting off-site events 2. Planning & organizing special events 3. Inventory Management Creativity is encouraged and recognized in all aspects of the business. A friendly demeanor and pleasant disposition is required. On the job training is provided. After training, the wage is commensurate with skills and experience. ** MUST be available to work Weekends and through the Holidays! ** Qualifications and Skills Previous retail and/or restaurant experience a plus. Benefits and Perks Required Education: High school or equivalent Required Experience: Customer service: 1 year HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your application on our website - http://chinohills.colormemine.com/Employment.tpl?p=Employment Job Type: Part-time Salary: $10.50 /hour Job Type: Part-time Salary: $10.50 to $11.00 /hour Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to COLOR ME MINE. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
R.O.G.Y. (Red, Orange, Green, Yellow) Development Coordinato...

Sport Alameda, California  Job Summary
: Implement, promote, and grow USTA NorCal’s Red, Orange, Green (R.O.G.) and entry level Yellow ball tennis pathway.  This includes, but is not limited to facility development, junior tournaments, camp administration and Red/Orange/Green Junior Team Tennis.  Increase the number of sites offering R.O.G programs; develop additional ways to accurately measure program participation.  Promote USTA membership growth.  Duties and Responsibilities (including but not limited to):  Event Planning and Coordination:  Ongoing Training: Necessary Qualifications:  
Crew Member / Customer Service

New User looking to
apply for the first time? New Hire or a
Returning Applicant?
IT Field Technician

 Buchanan Technologies is currently seeking an experienced IT Field Technician in the Charlotte, NC area responsible for supporting PC based computers and related equipment for customers and for providing technical expertise, experience and documentation/project coordination as required to install or repair hardware/software and resolve technical problems.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Qualification / Requirements Additional Requirements Education / Training / Experience Required: Preferred:
Valet - Valet Dispatcher

Dispatchers must be able
to maintain an organized and professional work environment in a fast-paced,
deadline driven environment.  The dispatcher will be required to accept
and process valet fees, answer multiple inquiries simultaneously, coordinate
the parking and retrieving of guest vehicles while keeping track of all keys.  R
equirements: At least 18 years of age Experience in a customer
service position preferred Strong verbal and
written communication skills Ability to lift 70 lbs. Must outside weather
conditions be able to meet appearance guidelines listed below Ability to work in Must be available to
work a variety of shifts, including PM shifts and weekends.  Appearance Guidelines Women Fingernails should not
exceed ¼ inch beyond the fingertip, and polish must be a solid color that is
complementary to your skin tone. No charms or decals are allowed. Hair must be one solid
natural color, and should be styled in a classic, easy to maintain style. Hair
accessories must be a neutral color (silver, gold, black or brown) or a solid
color that matches your attire. No visible tattoos or
body piercings are allowed (with the exception of earrings-see below). Jewelry should be
limited to a wristwatch, one ring per hand, and one pair of earrings (only stud
earrings dime sized or smaller and worn on the bottom of the earlobe). Clean & well
maintained approved Bags, Inc. uniforms must be worn at all times. Men Fully grown, neatly
trimmed beard, mustache, and goatees are permissible. Hair must be one solid,
natural color and must be neatly cut. It should not cover or extend beyond any
part of the ears or the shirt collar. No visible tattoos or
body piercings are allowed. Any tattoos must be covered by your uniform or
other means agreed upon by management. Jewelry should be
limited to a wristwatch and one ring per hand. Clean & well
maintained approved Bags, Inc. uniforms must be worn at all times
Investment Analyst

Cambridge Associates is a leading global investment firm. We work with non-profit institutions, pension plans, and private clients to build investment portfolios that help them meet their philanthropic goals, pensioners’ obligations, or personal endeavors. Our goal is to meet clients wherever they are in the investment process. We offer a variety of services to complement those needs, from acting as an outsourced investment office to providing access to our world- class digital research platform. Committed to independence since our founding more than 40 years ago, we are motivated only by what is best for our clients. Our clients trust the experience, leadership, and integrity of our investment professionals. We have a global team of outstanding investment advisors and an extensive research platform to support them. With more than 1,200 employees in nine locations around the globe, we are constantly looking to discover new ideas for our clients’ portfolios. This extensive network helps us to identify and access the best global investment opportunities all over the world. Investment Analyst Program Investment Analysts (IAs) work closely with our Investment Directors to provide investment and capital markets research, analysis, and advice to our clients. Investment Analysts often have the opportunity to attend client and investment manager meetings; however, travel is limited. Each IA is generally responsible for 8 to 12 clients and handles several projects at once. While every IA is responsible for arranging his/her priorities in order to meet deadlines, there is a strong tradition of teamwork and cooperation among members of the Investment Analyst staff to help manage the workload. Although the position involves quantitative analysis, there is also a strong qualitative component as IAs work to describe market conditions and relay investment recommendations to clients in written reports. In addition to client work, Investment Analysts often choose to join auxiliary teams, which provide support for the broader firm and allow individuals to develop skills outside of traditional client work. Investment Analysts participate in a two-year program with strong performers receiving promotions with the option to stay for an additional one to two years. Beyond that, strong performers interested in continuing their career at Cambridge Associates are encouraged to apply for the Associate Investment Director role. We Offer: Responsibilities Include: Requirements:  All candidates must submit a tailored cover letter and unofficial copy of final undergraduate transcripts. (function (w,d,s,u,a,b) { w.__dhiq=w.__dhiq||[];w.__dhib=function(){__dhiq.push(arguments)}; a=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; b=d.createElement(s);b.src=u;b.async=!0; a.parentNode.insertBefore(b,a); })(window,document,'script','//beacon.efinancialcareers.com/bi.js'); __dhib('landingPage','QnTsYoxpHIy1R2Sq',true);
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF SOCIAL SERVICES - BUSINESS OPERATIONS...

Durham County Government employs approximately 1,900 employees that work towards providing needed services throughout the community. With a wide array of services, Durham County Government is at the heart of a rapidly growing and diverse area offering residents, employees and visitors exciting opportunities to live, work, grow and play. For more information about Durham County Government, visit www.dconc.gov.  DEPARTMENT: Social Services (DSS) DATE POSTED: September 15, 2017 CLOSING DATE: SALARY MIN: $65,340 SALARY MAX: $117,612 POSITION NUMBER: 40004175 JOB TYPE: Full-Time   RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provides leadership and oversight for the agency’s Business Operations functions including Finance, Accounting, Budget, Contracts Management, MFR, Human Reseources, Child Support Services, Information Technology, Facility and Fleet management.  Serves on agency Leadership Team. This is administrative work as Finance Officer of a large county department of social services. Assists with the formulation and continual improvement of the agency’s mission, vision, policies and practices; implements operational management best practices to facilitate effective accountability for agency financial resources and successful attainment of agency outcomes; disseminates information involving interpretation of policies, laws, and activities of the agency; supervises staff members and reports to the Director of Social Services.  EXAMPLES OF WORK   KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:   THE IDEAL CANDIDATE  Successful candidate must have strong management skills including planning, staff supervision, budgeting and fiscal management, preferably managing federal and state funds to support mandated safety net programs for low income families and individuals. Master’s degree in accounting, finance, business or public administration and five years of relevant experience preferred. Prior experience working within a county or local governmental entity is highly preferred.  MINIMUM EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS  Graduation from a four‑year college or university, preferably with a major in accounting, finance, business, public, or hospital administration, and five years of administrative experience involving participation in the planning and management of a business or governmental program. Durham County Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Sales Assistant Entry Level - IMMEDIATE HIRE!

medical Manager in Training - Sales Assistant - Entry Level --100% Training Provided! Our company stands out against the competition because we don't believe in "one right way." That means we don't hire just one kind of person. We are looking for athletes and honor roll students, overachievers and social butterflies... anyone who's motivated to improve themselves and the company they work for is welcome on our team! The Entry Level Sales Assistant is the definition of a people person, someone who can talk to potential clients and promote our clients' services. This is why we general hire people with a background in hospitality or retail. Because we only promote from within, everyone at 818 Global Inc is hired entry level and has paid, on-the-job training in Sales, Leadership Development, Human Resources, and Management. Sales Assistant / Management Training Responsibilities: We are looking for individuals who share our core values. We only hire ambitious, charismatic individuals capable of excelling in a business, leadership development, and sales position. Experience is helpful, yet complete training is provided. We are more concerned with what people can accomplish within the company than what they have previously done.  Benefits and Our Culture: The sales, business management & marketing team offers an environment where our employee's ideas are not only heard but implemented. We offer a team based and structured environment, however employees are expected to be self-disciplined in managing their own time and work schedule Job Requirements We're looking for full time Entry Level Sales Assistant / Management Training candidates with outstanding communication skills, and a sales and marketing minded leader with excellent team and relationship-building skills. Our company is currently offering entry level Sales Assistant & Management Training positions for competitive, ambitious individuals who are looking for a fast paced environment with plenty of opportunity for growth within the firm.We are looking for inexperienced individuals with a background in business, retail, or customer service who we can show the ropes of our sales and marketing strategies and develop them into a leadership and management role. Because of our high success rate, we are currently in the process of expansion to new markets. **visit our website at www.818GlobalInc.com You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Tech editorial intern in SF - winter/spring 2018

Business Insider is looking for a tech intern for its San Francisco office. Our tech section covers everything from the hottest startups to big tech personalities to Apple earnings. We need someone who is as enthusiastic about social media as s/he is about staying on top of the latest product launches and what people in the tech scene are buzzing about. We want someone who is curious about how certain companies dominate our lives while others crumble into dust. We're looking for the following: As an intern at Business Insider, there's no getting coffee, filing, or making copies. Our interns are an integral part of our team. Many of our current writers and editors started as interns. BI Interns spend their time doing meaningful work: researching, writing, producing, and promoting features and stories — even breaking news if the timing's right. This internship is paid and runs for six months. Interns are encouraged to work full-time (40 hours a week). APPLY HERE with a resume and cover letter if this sounds like your dream internship, and specify why you're interested in working on Tech. 
Laboratory Technician I

      
Entry Level Traveling Customer Trainer

Entry Level Traveling Customer Trainer
Washington, DC Position Description:
The Training Department plays a crucial role in connecting our customers to our software. The main purpose of this position is to help our customers make a smooth conversion to the Reynolds and Reynolds system and provide training and customer support throughout the process.

In this position, you will travel approximately 80% of the time and you will typically be given at least 1 month advance notice about upcoming trips. You will travel both individually and with a team installing and converting our software for customers. This requires excellent presentation and communication skills as you will meet with dealership management to understand the needs for each dealership. Based on these requirements, you will customize the system and train key dealership personnel on how to use the solution.

When you are not physically at a customer site, you will support current customers, prepare for future trips, and conduct follow-ups with recently installed customers from your home office. Since you will be working from a home office, we will provide you with a company car, iPhone, laptop, and printer-scanner-copier equipment. Training:
Training lasts approximately 2-3 months and includes department observations, classroom instruction, and on-the-job training with a mentor. Classroom instruction includes product training as well as automotive dealership operations. You will focus on one area of the software during your product training and assist experienced representatives with customer set-up and implementation. In addition, you will have the opportunity to see Reynolds’ solutions ‘in action’ by visiting car dealerships that already utilize our solutions on a daily basis.
PUBLIC HEALTH LABORATORIES ASSISTANT DIRECTOR

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.  CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS:
The one position allocable to this class reports to the Public Health Laboratory Director and, under general direction and guidance, assists in the planning, direction, and evaluation of public health laboratory operations, activities, and services. This responsibility includes planning, directing, assigning, and evaluating the work of major technical laboratory sections including Bacteriology/Parasitology, Mycobacteriology, Mycology, Virology, Immunology, HIV, Molecular, Emergency Response, Special Chemistry, and Environmental Microbiology; and providing supervision and guidance to public health microbiologist supervisors. The Public Health Laboratory Assistant Director also assists in the development and formulation of public health laboratory policies, procedures, and objectives in support of various clinical, medical, and environmental health programs and the prevention of communicable disease and other public health related illnesses. In addition, this position assists in the management and control of the laboratories budget, personnel, and other administrative functions.   SELECTION REQUIREMENTS:
A Doctoral degree* from an accredited college or university in chemical, physical, biological science, or related field -OR- Graduation from an approved medical school -AND- Three years of relevant laboratory work experience in a CLIA 88 certified or accredited clinical laboratory or public health laboratory, two years of which must have been in a supervisory capacity** at the level of a Public Health Microbiology Supervisor I*** or higher. LICENSE:
1) A Public Health Microbiologist's certificate**** issued by the California State Department of Health/Public Health.

2) A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. PHYSICAL CLASS:
2 - Light. Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting.  Considerable walking may be involved. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION:
**Supervisory capacity is defined as plans, organizes, directs, and evaluates the work of subordinate staff.

***In Los Angeles County, a Public Health Microbiology Supervisor I is defined as provides technical and administrative supervision of a public health laboratory unit performing standardized tests within a specialty or across specialty lines.

****Prior to appointment, applicants must be certified as a California Public Health Microbiologist or have been issued a temporary certificate by the California State Department of Health/Public Health for those applicants who meet the requirements for admission to the next scheduled examination. Certification must be obtained within 6 months from appointment.

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:  EXAMINATION CONTENT:

This examination will consist of an evaluation of education, experience, and desirable qualifications based upon application information and supplemental questionnaire at the time of filing weighted 100%. Candidate must meet the Selection Requirement and achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the examination in order to be added to the Eligible Register.

Passing this examination and being placed on the Eligible Register does not guarantee an offer of employment.

Final results will be sent by U.S. mail. Scores cannot be given over the phone or by e-mail. Notification letter(s) may be sent electronically to the e-mail address provided on the application.  It is important that candidates provide a valid e-mail address. Please add semery@ph.lacounty.gov to your e-mail address book and list of approved senders to prevent e-mail notifications from being filtered as spam/junk mail.

ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION:
The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be added to the Eligible Register in the order of their score group for a period of six (6) months following the date of eligibility.

No person may compete in this examination more than once every six (6) months.

Applications will be processed on an as received basis and promulgated to the Eligible Register accordingly. Vacancy Information:
The Eligible Register resulting from this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Public Health as they occur.

Available Shift: Any. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION
Applications must be filed online only.  Applications submitted by U.S. Mail, fax, or in person will not be accepted.  We must receive your completed application and any required document(s) and/or additional information by 5:00 p.m., PST, on the last day of filing.  Required document(s) and/or additional information can be sent by e-mail to semery@ph.lacounty.gov within fifteen (15) calendar days from application submission. Apply online by clicking on the green "Apply" button located at the top right of this posting, you can also track the status of your application using this website.

The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the SELECTION REQUIREMENTS. Please fill out the application completely and correctly to receive full credit for any related education, training, and job experience.  In the space provided for education, include the names and addresses of schools attended, dates attended, degree received, and degree major.  For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, description of work performed, hours of work per week, and salary earned.
If your application and/or supplemental questionnaire is/are incomplete, the application will be REJECTED. DEGREE INFORMATION:
*In order to receive credit for any college or university degree, such as a
Doctorate Degree,
or
completion of a certificate program
, you must include a legible copy of the Official Diploma, Official Transcript(s)*****, or Official Letter from the accredited institution (which shows the area of specialization and the date the degree was awarded) with Registrar's signature and school seal, and a copy of the Official Certificate(s) with your application online at the time of filing or within fifteen (15) calendar days from application submission to semery@ph.lacounty.gov

*****Official Transcript is defined as a transcript that bears the college seal and states "official and/or copy" issued by the school's Registrar Office.  A printout of the transcript from the school's website is NOT considered official and, therefore, will NOT be accepted and will result in your application being incomplete and REJECTED. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
:
Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes.  Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES
:
For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD
:
All applicants must file their application online using their OWN user ID and password.  Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record.

California Relay Services Phone: (800) 735-2922
ADA Coordinator Phone: (323) 869-8505
Teletype Phone: (800) 899-4099
Alternate Teletype Phone:  (800) 897-0077

Department Contact Name: Shalonda Emery
Department Contact Phone: (323) 890-8488
Department Contact E-mail: semery@ph.lacounty.gov For detailed information, please click
here I have read and understand the above instructions. ***In Los Angeles County a Public Health Microbiology Supervisor I is defined as provides technical and administrative supervision of a public health laboratory unit performing standardized tests within a specialty or across specialty lines. Required Question
IT Help Desk / Administrative Associate

Leadership, Innovation, Solutions, Zeon Chemicals is the leading developer and supplier of innovative polymers, including synthetic elastomers and specialty chemicals and other selected products used in countless applications worldwide. We develop superior elastomers for the hottest parts of automotive engines, polymers for longer lasting laser printer rolls, synthetic rubber to survive oil wells' most aggressive fluids and cyclo-olefin plastics for today's advanced medical and electronic applications. JOB DESCRIPTION:

To perform a variety of administrative functions for the IT group in accordance with departmental procedures and guidelines. Central and single point of contact for receiving and completing PC hardware and software problems and end-user orientation/training . Evaluate, categorize, prioritize and attend to help desk requests through personal contact, email or calls, mainly in the scope of triage
support. Manage the IT Help Desk ticketing system queue to ensure adequate response times, follow up and maintaining IT service level objectives. Execute purchasing activity (creating requisitions, tracking orders, posting goods entry). Administrative support for the IT group. Monitor service health through reports.

JOB FUNCTIONS:
- Administrative support for the IT group. This includes reports to IT management, posting of monthly bills in SAP, and other ad-hoc requests
- Handles basic purchasing activity. This includes ordering of pre-approved equipment through SAP, order tracking, RMAs, general shipping requests (including handling of shipping material), posting of goods receipts.
- Works on achieving and maintaining 5S compliance for all IT areas. This includes creating and maintaining an organizational and inventory system.
- Central and single point of contact for receiving and completing reported PC hardware and software problems, as well as separation of incidents, problems, service requests and change requests. Responsible to escalate tickets to L1-4 technicians after triage and basic troubleshooting has been performed.
- Responsible for work order system ticket management. Communicates changes in due dates, priorities and technicians as aligned with technicians and potentially IT Management to requester. Follows up with technician for (close to) overdue tickets. Escalates appropriately. Identifies trends and systematic issues.
- Monitors services health using applicable tools provided. Escalates all abnormal behavior. This includes backups (server and clients), servers, and network
- Provides basic computer instruction to all users to improve their skills and efficiency. Initial contact for employee orientation and
training.
- Assists with the inventory of all hardware and software and properly represented in the asset management system
- Keeps abreast of technological changes and innovations in the microcomputer IT industry as applicable to his field of responsibility.
- Continuously seeks ways to improve performance of our facility's operation and ensures that customers' (both internal and external) needs are met. Adhere to the quality system.
- Support compliance to JSOX and ISO by creating applicable reports and managing distribution and processing by responsible parties.
- Performs all other duties as assigned by the IT Infrastructure Manager or Director of IT. High School or GED CompTIA A+, Microsoft, or similar required (MSCA desirable) Zeon offers growth opportunities, a highly competitive salary and excellent benefits program. Benefits: Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance and Vision. Zeon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status. Please apply online at: www.zeonchemicals.com Benefits: Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, Paid Vacation, Paid Sick Days, Paid Holidays, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, 401K/403b Plan Screening Requirements: Drug Screen, Criminal Background Check This job reports to the IT Infrastructure Manager This is a Full-Time position 1st Shift. Relocation is not provided and travel is not required Number of Openings for this position: 1
Funeral Services Assistant

We currently have a part time opening for a Funeral Services Assistant at Memphis Crematory in Memphis, TN. This is the opportunity to be part of the Dignity Memorial® provider network and grow your career in the funeral, cremation and cemetery services business. For us, there is no greater responsibility than celebrating each life like no other and making a difference in the lives of people we serve.  This position interacts directly with client families during their time of need and is responsible for creating and maintaining a premier level of client family satisfaction. The Funeral Attendant will set-up and assist with viewings, funeral services, memorial services, etc. Applicants must have a flexible schedule, professional appearance, good attitude, and be a team player. The candidate must share in the idea of growing market and maintaining a premier level of customer satisfaction. Who we are. What we do.  We’re more than North America’s largest provider of funeral, cremation and cemetery services. We are mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, sons and daughters who are devoted to the communities where we live and work. We are more than 20,000 dedicated individuals who provide caring assistance to families in need, honor veterans and public servants and deliver lifesaving programs to help keep children and seniors safe.  We operate under the umbrella of the Dignity Memorial network of 1,800 funeral homes and cemeteries. Dignity Memorial providers care for more than 300,000 families each year and understand the importance of thoughtful, personalized arrangements. We believe creating meaningful ways to pay tribute to a loved one begins with compassion and is shaped by the understanding that each life is truly unique. For us, there is no greater responsibility than honoring and preserving the story of one’s life.  Benefits Options: SCI offers advanced on-line training resources, career advancement opportunities in the largest organization in the industry, attractive benefits, and a wonderful community to serve with plenty of culture and personality. For additional information regarding our company, please visit our corporate site at www.sci-corp.com.  As used herein, “SCI” refers to Service Corporation International and its affiliated companies.  Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Business System Analyst

Date: Jan 9, 2018 Location: Conshohocken, PA, US, 19428 Company: Envision Req ID: 102998 Entity: RTI  Envision Physician Services is a multispecialty physician group and practice management company. Established in 1953, our organization provides anesthesia, emergency medicine, hospital medicine, radiology, primary/urgent care, surgical services, and women’s and children’s health services to hospitals and health systems nationwide. Sheridan Healthcare, EmCare, Reimbursement Technologies and Emergency Medical Associates have recently joined forces to form Envision Physician Services.  As one organization, we now provide a greater scope of service than any other national physician group. Our collective experience from hundreds of local, customized engagements, culture of continuous lean process improvement, and team of experts in the business of healthcare enable us to better solve complex problems and consistently give healthcare organizations confidence in our execution. Our combined organization serves more than 780 healthcare facilities in 48 states and the District of Columbia. If you are looking for a stable, fast-paced, growing company in the healthcare industry that is committed to innovation, excellence and integrity, then this may be a great next step in the advancement of your career.  Position Summary
: The Business System Analyst will evaluate, test and support the Company’s imaging application software for in-house use, while supporting and maintaining distributed imaging systems enabling the Company to operate more efficiently.  Work closely with clients and other analysts to ensure processing of incoming client documents and data. Maintain and design software to facilitate the capture and modification of client data to support in house imaging systems.  Major Responsibilities
:  Requirements
:  We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:  This position is only available to legal residents of the United States. EOE including veterans and disabled #LI-GS1 Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia
Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technologist, Radiology, Healthcare Administration, Anesthesia, Healthcare We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Create a new account now! Create
SCC - Receptionist - 32 to 40 hours - Excellent Benefits

       
Package Handling Associate


Development Producer, VICE Digital

OVERVIEW VICE is currently seeking a strong Development Producer for VICE Digital. The ideal candidate will have experience developing experimental, and unique digital series and formats both for site and socials and creating ideas from scratch and turning them into video concepts. Development experience as a writer/producer/coordinator of original unscripted content at a production company or digital media company is a must. Any candidate must have a clear understanding of the Vice brand and style. Sample work/links are required, as is a full resume and professional references.  Duties:  Experience / Education Application consent for VICE U.S. By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below: VICE U.S. collects your personal data for the purposes of managing VICE U.S.’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, VICE U.S. may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment. VICE U.S. does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, VICE U.S. has international sites and VICE U.S. uses resources located throughout the world. VICE U.S. may from time to time also use third parties to act on VICE U.S.’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within VICE U.S. group of companies as well as to third parties acting on VICE U.S.’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided VICE U.S. with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.
Lawyers Coordinating Committee Membership & Event Coordinato...

Duties and Responsibilities: • Manage LCC membership, including maintaining on-line membership database and on-line membership directory on LCC website (web-based interface) and in online communication database (ActionNetwork), exporting and importing data (Excel and Access), updating and modifying LCC listservs with current members (Googlegroups.com), generating on-line membership invoices, tracking dues, servicing and troubleshooting membership inquiries, preparing Membership Directory publication, and other membership-related duties;
• Update and modify LCC website (WordPress), including the Resume Bank (using TablePress App on WordPress website);
• Produce and distribute electronic announcements through online communication programs (ActionNetwork and Googlegroups.com);
• Assist in planning LCC events and meetings, including Board of Directors' meetings, webinars, and annual conference;
• Provide Online Registration support for LCC programs and events through Gravity Forms (WordPress App) (including form creation and exporting) and adjusting registration lists using GravityView (WordPress App);
• Provide administrative support to LCC, including answering phones, handling incoming correspondence (electronic and other), maintaining and archiving LCC files, filing and preparing routine correspondence, letters, memoranda, check requests, etc., distributing bills, requisitions and correspondence to appropriate persons, and related tasks;
• Provide administrative support to the AFL-CIO's Article XX and XXI dispute resolution procedures; screen phone calls, resolve routine and some complex inquiries;
• Provide back-up telephone and administrative support to the Office of the General Counsel; and
• Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: • Demonstrated proficiency in Windows 7, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Power Point Google Groups, internet applications and Outlook;
• Experience in WordPress, Gravity Forms preferred;
• Experience with some HTML coding preferred;
• Demonstrated experience creating and maintaining databases;
• Extensive experience with importing and exporting lists and mail merging;
• Experience creating and managing listservs preferred;
• Demonstrated ability to prioritize multiple tasks to meet deadlines;
• Careful attention to detail, including proofreading and formatting documents;
• Extensive experience with meeting planning and scheduling;
• Positive attitude and excellent interpersonal skills;
• Professional, courteous and tactful;
• Demonstrated excellent proofreading ability, including editing and formatting documents;
• Demonstrated ability to exercise good political judgment;
• Ability to manage workflow and work within a team;
• Excellent problem solving skills and experience identifying problems and finding potential solutions;
• Highly motivated and a self-starter;
• Ability to work long and extended hours when needed. REQUIRED TESTS INCLUDE: Clerical, Proofreading Practice, Database (Access), Spreadsheet (Excel), Intermediate Excel, Typing and Judgment Hours: 8:30 AM – 4:30 PM You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Scheduling Coordinator


Analyst/Business Analysis


Financial Services Representative I

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US. The Financial Service Representative I (FSR) act as an Insurance licensed employee, providing Customers with additional products & services and acting as wealth referral champion within the Store. The Financial Services Representative I (FSR) is required to maintain active registration with State Life & Health Insurance licensing. The Financial Service Representative I (FSR) act in a dual role as FSR and Customer Service Representative and are the primary contact and resource for large/complex credit needs within the store, consistently providing exemplary Customer Service through selling and cross-selling a wide range of banking products, investment and insurance products and services to new and existing Customers. At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential. If you have a disability that requires an accommodation to complete the application process, please e-mail TD Bank's HR Compliance Department at hrcompliance@td.com. Please include your full name, contact information and details about your request within the e-mail. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
Business Office Associate (part-time)

 The CarMax Business Office has exciting opportunities for part-time Business Office Associates (BOA). The flexible work schedule offers rotating shifts and hours to fit in with your other daily activities. Potential advancement opportunities for this position include full-time BOA, Lead BOA, Assistant Business Office Manager and Business Office Manager. Do you enjoy a fast-paced, high volume retail environment? Do you thrive on doing lots of different administrative tasks and at the same time having lots of interaction with customers as well as other departments? Maybe you should consider a Business Office Associate position!

Responsibilities include opening and closing the business office, reviewing and processing documents associated with customer’s vehicle purchases, assisting customers with questions on tag and title information, preparing DMV documents, interacting with sales staff, obtaining payoff information, assisting our purchasing team with appraisal purchases and in-store auctions, handling accounts payable functions, tendering cash transactions, preparing bank deposits, and answering multi-line phone system. A strong commitment to customer service, good communications skills and attention to detail are required for this position. Ideal candidates come from various backgrounds including retail, banking, and food service. Applicants must also be available to work nights and weekends.  
After School Nanny for an awesome family in Laguna Hills

Forgot your password? Position Type: Nanny
Office: Orange County | Laguna Niguel
Location of Position: Laguna Hills Awesome family in Laguna Hills looking for an after school nanny for their two children, 3rd and 7th respectively. This position is perfect for a young enthusiastic individual who might have some other duties in the morning and full availability in the afternoon and evening. This family is looking for someone who can be a role model for their kids and help with pickups from school, rides to extracurricular activities, some light homework help and meal prep. The current requested hours are from 12:30-5:30 on Monday, and 2:30 - 6:00 Tue-Friday (19 hrs/wk) with the occasional later shift. The pay is competitive and the reward is even better. Get paid to not only have fun, but be presented with an opportunity to be an excellent role model! Join our team today as we're currently interviewing for this position. Apply For This Position Back To Team Page College Nannies + Sitters + Tutors is the nation’s most respected, complete and professional resource helping busy families raise smart, confident, well-adjusted kids. Since 2001 we’ve built local professional teams across the country who’ve helped hundreds of busy parents carve out time for themselves with a sitter, have help on hand with a part-time or full-time nanny, or get their college bound student the tutoring they need to succeed. If you’re interested in becoming a College Sitter, College Nanny or College Tutor, click here. © 2018 College Nannies+Sitters+Tutors Development, Inc. / All Rights Reserved / Each College Nannies+Sitters+Tutors location is independently owned and operated.
Benefits Assistant/Coordinator

    Encore Rehabilitation Services, a multi-state rehabilitation service provider is seeking a full time Benefits Assistant/Coordinator to join its growing team.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Assists in the creation and development of employee communications to improve the understanding of all benefit programs. Creates and updates team member communication material for wellness initiatives and the benefit plans. Prepares or assist with communication materials for internal and external use (e.g. newsletter and flyers). Assist with planning timelines and communications for all wellness and benefit rollouts to the organization.
• Assist with all administrative pieces of the 401k retirement plan. Includes termination notices, withdrawal paperwork, and loan processing.
• Assist with annual 401k audit processes.
• Support 401k Committee
• Organize and promote 401k employee education meetings
• Support the Benefits Team on the day-to-day administration of the health and welfare plans
• Drafts and maintains the Benefits team standard operating procedures Support the Benefit Team with Worker’s Compensation incident reporting and OSHA reporting
• Support the online benefits eligibility and enrollment system, including re-opening or opening new hire enrollment events, ACA enrollment, life event tasks, and troubleshooting system issues that arise with the online benefits system.
• Audit benefit plans
• Communicate benefits program to new hire and assist with the enrollment process.
• Provide support to the leave of absence programs which covers employees in 33 states
• Educate employees on the disability programs including FMLA, LTD, STD and ADA
• Assist in establishing policies, tools and frameworks to enable the implementation of Encore’s health care & wellbeing strategy in manner relevant to our business model and workforce.
• Perform other related duties as assigned. Position Requirements:
• Knowledgeable in benefit regulations such as HIPAA, COBRA, FMLA, ACA, IRS Section 125 and ERISA
• Proficient with Microsoft programs and HRIS systems. ADP experience a plus
• Strong communication skills, both oral and written
• Ability to work independently and relate well with others
• Strong problem solving and analytical skills
• Excellent Customer Service Skills
• Project management skills and experience.
• Excellent organizational and time management skills with a keen attention to detail
• 1 to 3 years’ experience in 401k/benefits administration and workers compensation management
• 1 to 3 years of event or wellness management If you are interested in this job opportunity, please send us your info: If you are interested in this job opportunity, please send us your info:  Contact Us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Recent News
Find Us Encore Rehabilitation Services
33533 West 12 Mile Road, Suite 290
Farmington Hills, MI 48331 (866) 925-8505
info@encorerehabilitation.com Sign up for our Newsletter
Hotel Front Desk Clerk - Guest Registration

The Front Desk Clerk makes guest reservations and ensures that hotel guests receive attentive service upon hotel registration, check-out and during their stay. The Hotel Front Desk Clerk Primary Job Duties: • Register guests and assign rooms, accommodating special requests whenever possible.
• Front Desk Clerk checks guests in and out of hotel efficiently and communicates all hotel services and available hotel accommodations.
• Front Desk Clerk must Comply with unit cash handling, credit and check cashing policies and procedures.
• Keep front desk area clean and presentable for hotel guests.
• Maintain positive guest relations through positive resolution of guest complaints.
• Front Desk Clerk must ensure accuracy of billing to hotel guests Hotel Front Desk Clerk Job Qualifications:  You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Patient Account Representative

Medamorph, LLC is looking for a Full Time Patient Account Representative to work in our Billing Department in Louisville, CO. Medamorph, LLC is a medical administrative support company facilitating administrative responsibilities for one of Boulder County's largest and fastest growing Gastroenterology practices.  Requirements:
Overnight Call Center Coordinator

Overnight Call Center Representative- no foreign language experience needed! (LSA) is currently seeking upbeat, motivated and friendly professionals to work in its call center. What is the job? What the job isn’t: Required Skills: Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent, proven success in customer service / call center position is a plus. This is an on-site position only.  Hours: Tuesday - Saturday 11pm-7am AND Sunday - Thursday 11pm-7am  Multi-language capabilities are not required. About LSA

Founded in 1991 by Laura K.T. Schriver, LSA offers a full range of premier language-based services, including Translation and Localization, Video Remote Interpreting, INTERPRETALK® Interpreting by Telephone, Face-to-Face Interpreting, American Sign Language and Language Assessments.  With over 150 employees and a network of more than 5,000 Independently Contracted global Linguists, LSA fulfills the multicultural communication needs of more than 2,000 clients worldwide, in over 200 languages, across virtually every industry segment.  LSA is located Horsham, PA. For more information on LSA, please visit www.lsaweb.com. LSA is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer
Intake Coordinator

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Intake Coordinator For more than 40 years, CoreSource has been delivering customized employee benefit administration services to self-funded employers across the United States. Each of our offices around the country is managed locally, by industry veterans who understand the dynamics of the markets they serve. Every CoreSource office delivers the personal attention of a local TPA, backed by the resources and innovation of a large national organization, The Trustmark Companies.  CoreSource is seeking a Intake Coordinator for our Tucson AZ Office.  The function of the Intake Coordinator is to collect demographic information required for the certification of inpatient, outpatient, and alternative site care for self and fully funded business. This individual is also accountable for entering data into the healthcare management information system. Emphasis is on customer service and accuracy.  KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:  EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION:  EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Medication Order Clerk


Adjunct Instructor - Concurrent Enrollment English (CEE)

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Adjunct Instructor - Concurrent Enrollment English (CEE) Concurrent Enrollment Instructors (part-time instructors) are needed to teach one or more sections of English for PPCC in area high schools.  Concurrent Enrollment Instructors work under the direction of their respective Department Chairs and Division Dean/Associate Deans and are responsible for meeting all scheduled classes/labs/clinics and providing instruction in accordance with the philosophy and objectives of the college and the Department Chairs approved course outline. Concurrent Enrollment Instructors are also responsible for using teaching methods and media designed to reach students of varying educational and experiential backgrounds to allow each student the opportunity to master the objectives of the course.  Pikes Peak Community College maintains a pool of qualified adjunct instructors. Adjunct instructors will be selected to support departmental requirements. Adjunct instructors may be employed to teach courses, conduct presentations or other service activities when current instructors and faculty are not available.  Minimum Qualifications  Preferred Qualifications  Salary is $53.04 per contact hour.  Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications will receive full consideration.  For full consideration, all application materials must be received by 4:00 p.m. on Friday, October 20, 2017.  Positions are needed for the upcoming spring semester.  Note: Prior submission of application materials will not be considered.  If you previously applied for this position, you will be required to reapply.  Special Note:  Applicants must possess or be eligible to receive the relative Colorado State Career Technical Education Teaching Credential in order to qualify for this position. Information on credentialing requirements can be located online at http://www.coloradostateplan.com/default_cred.htm Essential Duties  General Duties  This job description reflects Pikes Peak Community College’s best effort to describe the essential duties and qualifications of the job.  It is not an exhaustive statement of all the duties, responsibilities or qualifications of the job.  This document is not intended to exclude an opportunity for modifications consistent with providing reasonable accommodation.
Passenger Service Agent MCO

A Passenger Service Agent works at an airport facility and provides assistance to passengers traveling in wheelchairs. Gate Assist Agents must maintain a friendly and positive attitude and always be attentive to each passenger’s individual needs.  General Duties and Responsibilities: Transport passengers requiring wheelchair service within the terminal and aircraft Escorting passengers service animal to a relief area Properly secures passenger in aisle chair for safe transfer to/from aircraft seat. Assists airline personnel with helping passengers in and out of chair, if required Assists wheelchair passenger with stowing carry-on bags and assistive devices Assists in transferring gate-checked luggage down the jet bridge and through the chute to the ground handling team. Escorts unaccompanied minors from their arriving gate to the ATO Must be able to read airline ticket, timetable, FIDS monitors, SABRE, various domestic and international forms and airline city codes Push customer’s electrical wheelchair or scooter to the nearest elevator, either ground level or terminal level, to transport between the aircraft and the boarding gate.  Required Qualifications: Ability to work various shifts Strong customer service skills Strong verbal communication skills High School Graduate or General Education Degree (GED) is preferred Ability to obtain an airport badge Must be able to pass a criminal background check and a drug screen Must be 18 years of age and eligible to work in US
Office Administrator and Closing Coordinator

Office Administrator and Closing Coordinator Illinois Real Estate Title Center Peoria, Illinois  Illinois Real Estate Title Center (Peoria Office) is seeking an experienced Office Administrator and Closing Coordinator to join the team. This position requires someone that is organized and deadline driven with exceptional analytical and communication skills. Investors Title Management Services, LLC (ITMS) is a strong and growth oriented title insurance provider. It was established as part of Investors Title Company and Affiliates National Markets program. TCOS is managed by Investors Title Management Services (ITMS), a subsidiary of Investors Title Company. TCOS is one of 18 ITMS managed agencies operating in 9 states. We have built our business and reputation on responsiveness and efficiency, a deep knowledge of the real estate industry, and long-lasting relationships with our partners and customers. Working at TCOS, you’ll find a dynamic and supportive culture, the training and development you need to succeed, a variety of career paths, work/life balance, and excellent benefits. Position Responsibilities: Customer Service/Business Development Administrative Closing Document Recording Search Operations Position Qualifications: The Agency is an equal opportunity employer.  As such, the Agency offers equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status and other protected class characteristics.
Account Executive (Marketing Project Manager)- Philadelphia


Greek Nanny (Full-time) for 3 year old

Hello! We are parents to a 3 year old fun and loving girl. We are looking for a meture full time nanny to provide her with a loving and creative environment while we are both at work. Also transportation is neede. Please give us a call at 9732298315. Thank you! Job Type: Full-time Salary: $400.00 to $600.00 /week Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to NANNY/BABYSITTING. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
SALES LOT ATTENDANT ( WESTBROOK)


Confidential Account Clerk (Part time)


Customer Service Rep Bil L1-2


Cloud Support AssociateI – Storage and Content Delivery

 Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
Dishwasher


Human Services Specialist


Freight Scheduler

Please accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.
There are some features that may not work without cookies.
To find out more about the cookies we use, visit our cookie information page. Share this page! Share this page! 17000767, Culver City, CA Henkel Beauty Care holds leading market positions worldwide and its brand-name product business is continuously expanding. In this fast-moving sector, success depends on constant innovation and high-quality products. Are you ready to work in a challenging, but also glamorous and dynamic environment? If you share a passion for hair and beauty, this is the place to start your career. The Freight Scheduler will be responsible for managing all freight to and from the Professional DCs in Chatsworth, CA and Indianapolis, IN. This role will report to the Logistics Manager, and will have direct connections with Customer Service, the DCs, and customers. What we offer Who we are looking for Henkel is an equal opportunity employer.  We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Apply online if this sounds like your next challenge. Refer to the job ID mentioned above and get one step closer to starting your new job at Henkel. Discover our winning culture: www.henkel-northamerica.com/careers/jobs-and-application © 2018 Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
Part-Time Center Associate


Warehouse Associate I


Operations Associate

    
Customer Service Representative - Call Center

         
Clerical Clerk

 Responsible for back-end clerical office tasks related to the Account Maintenance and general clerical duties.     Education: High School Diploma or GED is required  Experience: No experience necessary; prefer 1 year of customer service/clerical experience  Computer Experience: Must be able to type quickly and accurately, use a mouse effectively, and have a basic understanding of Windows-based operating systems.  Skills & Abilities:   All job offers are contingent upon completion of drug and background checks.  GC Services is an equal opportunity employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet Application Assistance
GC Services is committed to equal employment opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. If you are interested in applying for employment with GC Services and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please call Human Resources at 713-777-4441 or email Human Resources with your request. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Administrative Assistant - Executive


Entry Level Marketing Assistant

 In a typical week, you will: ·      Enter new customer VIPs into email mananagment system. ·      Create and send welcome email. ·      Check bounces for errors. ·      Go over and update daily features menu. ·      Update wine menus, print and online. ·      Proofread, grammar check, and check for other errors on the upcoming email blast, new post and events on the               website, and social media post. ·      Update menus, print and online. ·      Multi-task during the shift to help cashier, host, and food run when needed. p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 10.0px Helvetica} ·      Reconcile fuel inventory using excel weekly.  Demonstrated knowledge of word usage, grammar and punctuation, and the ability to review and edit documents for grammatical context to meet professional standards. Ability to multitask while working if needed, which includes but not limited to hosting, cashiering, and food running and answering phones. Highly organized with a strong commitment to customer service, attention to detail and have strong computer skills and organization skills. Comfortable and experienced in the Windows, Word Press, and excel. Be able to work in an environment with many interruptions and multitask with composure. A strong sense of current trends and best practices in digital & social media. Ambition, and an ability to prioritize.
Product Owner - Talent Management

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is the law and at Lifion by ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, non-job related physical or mental disability, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability and job performance. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Samantha Loughlin at 860-756-6969 or hello@lifion.com. Last but not least, we take privacy very seriously.
Instructional Assistant (Autism Spectrum Disorder)

Username: Password: Enter your email to receive job alerts when new jobs like this one are posted. VACANCY NOTICE  Title: Instructional Assistant (Autism Spectrum Disorder) Job Announcement #3673 17/18 Opens: January 13, 2018 Closes: Open until filled   General Information  Willamette Education Service District is accepting applications for a full-time (40 hours per week) Instructional Assistant position for the Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) Program. Successful candidate will follow a 190-day calendar and work as part of the Special Education Department. The position will provide services to students in Sheridan School District located in Sheridan, OR and will begin immediately upon conclusion of the hiring process.  Duties and Responsibilities  Qualifications  Salary and Benefits
** Health Insurance
o MODA and Kaiser Permanente Plans
o Includes medical, dental, vision & prescription insurance
o Monthly premium deducted pre-tax
o WESD contributes up to $1,225 per month
o Health Savings Accounts for high deductible plans
o Flexible Spending Accounts – medical, day-care expenses Optional Life Insurance, AD&D, Short and Long Term Disability
o Standard Insurance Company Retirement
o PERS - Public Employee Retirement System
o WESD pays the 6% employee contribution on behalf of each employee
o www.oregon.gov/PERS Personal Leave
o Up to 3 days per year Sick Leave
o Up to 12 days per year
o Sick Leave Bank
~ Employees may donate one day of sick leave to become a member of the
Sick Leave Bank.
~ Members may draw up to 25 days of sick leave if catastrophic illness or injury
leaves the employee without paid leave time to cover their absence from work. ** Salary & benefits are prorated based upon FTE and hire date. Application Process  Reasonable accommodations for the application and interview process will be provided upon request and as required in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Individuals with disabilities may contact the Human Resources Director at 503-385-4752 for additional information or assistance. Speech/Hearing impaired persons may contact the ESD for assistance through the Oregon Telecommunication Relay Service at 1-800-735-2900 or 711.  The Willamette Education Service District is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Qualifying veterans and disabled veterans may obtain preference by submitting with their completed application a copy of the Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214 or 215) or a letter from the US Dept. of Veteran’s Affairs indicating receipt of a non-service connected pension as verification of eligibility. Disabled Veterans must also submit a copy of their veteran's disability preference letter from the Dept. of Veteran Affairs, unless the information is included in the DD Form 214/215. The content you submit, offer, contribute, attach, post, or display (each a “Submission”) will viewed by other users of the service who may or may not be accurately representing who they are or who they represent. Do not include any sensitive data in your submissions. Any submission or any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the service or obtained by you through the use of the service is at your own risk. “Sensitive data” for purposes of this section means social security or other government-issued identification numbers, medical or health information, account security information, individual financial account information, credit/debit/gift or other payment card information, account passwords, individual credit and income information or any other sensitive personal data as defined under applicable laws. © 2015 PeopleAdmin, Inc.
Full Time Bilingual Clinical Assistant

  Planned Parenthood Association of Utah Home Page
Catheter Test Technician

Catheter Test Technician
Siemens is the market leader for the 2D and 3D ICE catheters in EP and Interventional Cardiology space. The business is seeking an individual to join an engineering design team responsible for development of ICE Catheters.
Responsibilities:
The successful candidate will work in a dynamic environment as part of a transducer R&D team developing ultrasound catheter and associated assembly tooling. Responsibilities include:
·
Perform mechanical and functional testing of catheter including Acoustic, Hi Pot leakage , Susceptibility, and Sensor calibration
·
Perform root cause and failure analysis/ troubleshooting related to catheter development
·
Set up experiments for test equipment/ troubleshooting test setups
·
Manage / Perform preventive maintenance for test equipment
·
Support the development team on hands-on concept development of new catheters
·
Support development team with respect to planning, execution & technical enhancement of tests.
·
Support development team with respect to commercial test equipment selection, custom test circuit and hardware development and integration of test systems into use in engineering and production environments.
·
Support of Ultrasound system  software tools needed for test execution and data management.
·
Support the logistics of pre-clinical testing and clinical studies
Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
:
·
8+ years’ experience in acoustic testing and system testing
·
Relevant knowledge and Experience of in medical device / transducer development process
·
Excellent manual dexterity working under a microscope and fine wire soldering skills
·
Ability to document, assess, and improve acoustic and electrical testing processes
·
Ability to perform first level data analysis
Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
:
·
Degree in Engineering or Science
·
Medical device technical / relevant experience
·
Knowledge of Six Sigma preferred
·
Good interpersonal and communication skills
·
Ability to adapt to change and work in a rapidly-changing environment
·
Familiarity with system independent pulse echo  test for Ultrasound Transducers
·
Familiarity with HiPot and Leakage test
·
Familiarity with Ultrasound imaging system
·
Knowledge and experience with Impedance and network  analyzer
·
Proficient in Microsoft and excel and must be capable learning new software programs introduced in the work flow.
#LI-WC1 Catheter Test Technician    Siemens is the market leader for the 2D and 3D ICE catheters in EP and Interventional Cardiology space. The business is seeking an individual to join an engineering design team responsible for development of ICE Catheters.    Responsibilities:    The successful candidate will work in a dynamic environment as part of a transducer R&D team developing ultrasound catheter and associated assembly tooling. Responsibilities include:    ·
Perform mechanical and functional testing of catheter including Acoustic, Hi Pot leakage , Susceptibility, and Sensor calibration  ·
Perform root cause and failure analysis/ troubleshooting related to catheter development  ·
Set up experiments for test equipment/ troubleshooting test setups  ·
Manage / Perform preventive maintenance for test equipment  ·
Support the development team on hands-on concept development of new catheters  ·
Support development team with respect to planning, execution & technical enhancement of tests.  ·
Support development team with respect to commercial test equipment selection, custom test circuit and hardware development and integration of test systems into use in engineering and production environments.  ·
Support of Ultrasound system  software tools needed for test execution and data management.  ·
Support the logistics of pre-clinical testing and clinical studies    Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
:  ·
8+ years’ experience in acoustic testing and system testing  ·
Relevant knowledge and Experience of in medical device / transducer development process  ·
Excellent manual dexterity working under a microscope and fine wire soldering skills  ·
Ability to document, assess, and improve acoustic and electrical testing processes  ·
Ability to perform first level data analysis  Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
:  ·
Degree in Engineering or Science  ·
Medical device technical / relevant experience  ·
Knowledge of Six Sigma preferred  ·
Good interpersonal and communication skills  ·
Ability to adapt to change and work in a rapidly-changing environment  ·
Familiarity with system independent pulse echo  test for Ultrasound Transducers  ·
Familiarity with HiPot and Leakage test  ·
Familiarity with Ultrasound imaging system  ·
Knowledge and experience with Impedance and network  analyzer  ·
Proficient in Microsoft and excel and must be capable learning new software programs introduced in the work flow.  #LI-WC1  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
Stocker

Job Title:  Stocker Reports To:  Store Manager Job Location:  Store FLSA Status:  Hourly Non-Exempt  JOB DUTIES AND ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: QUALIFICATIONS: SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT USED: PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
FINANCIAL ANALYST, UW MEDICINE FINANCE

The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Disability Services Office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu.
Operations Analyst

    
Leasing Consultant

About Us: Yellow Tree is a local developer, builder and property manager that has been active in the South Minneapolis community for the past 10 years. We are a locally grown company that has been successful by providing high quality housing and top notch customer service. Join a team that is delivering the best new apartments to the market and grow with us as we expand our portfolio with new developments throughout the city. Yellow Tree Property Management is looking for a smart, energetic leasing consultant to support our rapidly growing portfolio of new apartment buildings here in South Minneapolis. With two brand new buildings totaling 123 units coming online in 2018, our team is looking to bring on the best possible candidate to handle the marketing and lease-up of these new properties. Job Summary: The Leasing Consultant is responsible for leasing and marketing our apartment communities and maintaining positive resident relations. You will be responsible for working with our property manager and property staff to attain occupancy goals, target rental income and the fastest possible lease up timeline. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a positive attitude, basic marketing abilities, outstanding leasing and sales skills. Work priorities include the ability to organize administrative requirements, multi-task, communicate effectively, and work independently. The ideal candidate is looking to grow into a property manager position after demonstrating their knowledge and willingness to take on more responsibilities. Job Responsibilities: As a Leasing Consultant, you are responsible for ensuring our properties and units are in top showing condition at all times during lease up. You will engage with prospective residents by greeting them face to face, responding to on-line and phone inquiries or showing units. Develop and manage your own schedule to make certain all prospective tenants have access to showing times and tours. Learn all amenity and sale points of our properties to ensure prospective tenants get the best possible showing experience. Qualifications Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $14.00 to $18.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Yellow Tree Property Management. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Center Academic Advisor


Customer Operations Dispatch Clerk


Field Auto Adjuster

Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.  Job Description  Allstate Insurance has an exciting opportuntiy for a Field Auto Adjuster in Ft. Collins, CO!  The Adjusting Function is responsible for verifying policy coverage and limits. The Adjusting function investigates and evaluates damage and/or liability; estimates damages, losses, or total indemnity; sets and maintains reserves; and/or negotiates and settles claims. Auto claims involve the evaluation and resolution of physical damages to vehicles.  Under general supervision, this job is responsible for providing a superior level of customer service and attention to customers who have a vehicle that needs repaired. The individual inspects vehicle damage (which may include automobiles, motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles and recreational vehicles), writes damage repair estimates, negotiates moderately complex settlements with repair facilities, and estimates repair times for rental/loss of use. This individual is also responsible for explaining coverage, estimates, claims, settlement, and rental processes to agents and/or customers. The role may be performed at a drive-in location or in the field. The individual also delivers compassionate service that is fast, fair, and easy, to ensure customer retention. The individual is capable of working independently, prioritizing the individual's own responsibilities, and managing the individual's own workload. The individual also consistently meets band level behaviors, production, quality, and/or customer service goals.  Key Responsibilities:  Customer Service File Documentation and Reporting Damage Estimating Claim Payment Processes - Issuance and Authority Negotiation and Settlement Guidance Other Projects and Responsibilities   Job Qualifications    The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC  Follow Us Allstate Insurance Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran or any other protected status. Ⓒ 2017 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
Field Property Adjuster

Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.  Job Description   Allstate Insurance Company has an exceptional career opportunity for aField Property Adjuster in Nashua, NH! As an Allstate Field Property Adjuster you will play a vital role to ensure we deliver on our promise to help restore people’s lives after they’ve had a loss.  Under limited supervision, this job is responsible for investigating, negotiating and settling complex property damage and liability insurance claims. This individual travels to the loss site to conduct a thorough analysis. This individual reviews the insurance policy, evaluates damages, determines loss coverage and authorizes payments. This individual delivers compassionate service that is fast, fair and easy to ensure customer retention. The individual provides work guidance and direction to less senior employees and provides mentoring and coaching to the team. The individual works independently, prioritizing the individual's own responsibilities, and managing the individual's own workload. The individual also consistently meets band level behaviors, production, quality, and/or customer service goals.

Specific responsibilities include:  Job Qualifications    CLK789 The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC  Follow Us Allstate Insurance Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran or any other protected status. Ⓒ 2017 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
Retail Sales Associate


Customer Service & Product Content Specialist (Full Time)

About Us: JetPens is a growing online retailer, specializing in premium writing instruments and office supplies.  We have been featured in Wired, New York Times, CNBC, and Daring Fireball. We are looking for a Customer Service & Product Content Specialist to answer customer questions, help resolve issues, and produce product content for our website. Please include a cover letter explaining your interest in customer service and/or stationery products.

Responsibilities: Qualifications & Qualities We Look For: Bonus Points: Compensation & Benefits: How to Apply: 
Revenue Cycle Specialist I Central Billing/Patient Accnts

Position Summary
:    Entry level position responsible for submitting and resolving medical claims of low to moderate complexity.  Must remain current with governmental and third party billing, follow-up and appeal requirements for compliant billing and follow-up of both inpatient and outpatient claims for all wholly owned facilities and physician entities including internal and external policy requirements.    Essential Duties
:                     *This role may encounter Protected Health Information (PHI) as part of regular responsibilities.  UH employees must abide by all requirements to safely and securely maintain PHI for our patients.  Annual training, the UH Code of Conduct and UH policies and procedures are in place to address appropriate use of PHI in the workplace.    Education:         Credentials, Licensure or Certification (i.e. RN, RRT):     Experience & Knowledge:






Minimum 1 year of experience in call center, patient registration, scheduling, office, banking, customer service or related medical field using computers required. An Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a related field, or a certification in Medical Billing/Coding from a recognized program, will be accepted in lieu of 1 year of work experience.


o Must be detail-oriented and organized, with good analytical and problem solving ability.
o Notable client service, communication, and relationship building skills required.



o Ability to function independently and as a team player in a fast-paced environment required.
o Must have strong written and verbal communication skills.


Special Skills & Equipment Knowledge:


o Demonstrated ability to use PCs, Microsoft Office suite (including Word, Excel and Outlook), and general office equipment (i.e. printers, copy machine, FAX machine, etc.) required.
o Experience with medical billing software preferred.   Experience & Knowledge:    o Must be detail-oriented and organized, with good analytical and problem solving ability.
o Notable client service, communication, and relationship building skills required. o Ability to function independently and as a team player in a fast-paced environment required.
o Must have strong written and verbal communication skills.


Special Skills & Equipment Knowledge:


o Demonstrated ability to use PCs, Microsoft Office suite (including Word, Excel and Outlook), and general office equipment (i.e. printers, copy machine, FAX machine, etc.) required.
o Experience with medical billing software preferred.   Click Here if you ARE a Current EmployeeClick Here if you are NOT a Current Employee Next you will be prompted to log in. Click Here if you ARE a Current EmployeeClick Here if you are NOT a Current Employee Next you will be prompted to log in. Click Here if you ARE a
Current Employee Click Here if you are NOT a
Current Employee Click Here if you are interested in Physician Opportunities with University Hospitals UH Partnership Hospital Job Search This is an external job search page.
All current UH employees must apply through the internal site by clicking here. For appointments/referrals:
1-866-UH4- CARE
For general information:
216-844-8447 or 888-844- 8447
Telephone Directory
Contact Us Online
Entry Level Production


VS Events Team-The Shops at Willowbend

   Key Responsibilities: When assigned to processing and replenishment: All associate roles at Victoria’s Secret are responsible for:  Qualifications  An equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment because of an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected category recognized by state, federal or local laws. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States.  Three Limited Parkway
Columbus, OH 43230
Phone: 614-415-7000
MERCHANDISER

Full-Time (15.76) Cherryvale, KS, 67335 Full-Time (15.76) Cherryvale, KS, 67335 Work Schedule: Tuesday/ WED OFF work days Thursday thru Monday © 2018 Frito-Lay North America, Inc.
Preschool Teaching Assistant, Full Time


Consultant for Public Library Management

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.  ** To receive credit for your work history and credentials, you must provide the information on the application form. Any information omitted from the application form, listed as general statements, listed under the text resume section, or on an attachment will not be considered for qualifying credit. **     For permanent appointments:

State of North Carolina employees have the opportunity to participate in a compelling array of benefits to enhance their quality of life, their health, and their future. Benefits include employee health insurance options, standard and supplemental retirement plans, NC Flex (a variety of high-quality, low cost benefits on a pre-tax basis), and paid vacation, sick, and community service leave, to name a few.  Some benefits require 30 + hours work/week for participation. To find out about these, and other programs, please visit our Employee Benefits page: https://oshr.nc.gov/state-employee-resources/benefits For temporary, contract or other supplemental staffing appointments:

**There are no paid leave, retirement or other benefits associated with these appointment types.**  Required Question
Systems Engineer, Intern

Please limit to 3 applications.
Bilingual Clerk-Call Center

SUMMARY Bilingual Customer Service Rep is responsible for providing assistance to customers via telephone and correspondence in a timely manner. Representative is able to speak and translate fluent Spanish.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.
• Accurately handle complaints concerning tickets or services rendered in a professional and courteous manner
• Accurately process, document and record mail correspondence
• Research and review correspondence to assess action to be taken
• Prepares paperwork for processing of refund due to customers
• Schedule hearings
• Other duties as assigned

QUALIFICATIONS
• Excellent oral and written communications skills.
• Ability to work in a fast paced, high volume area.
• High school diploma or general education degree (GED).
• One to three months related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
• Ability to read, write, and understand English and/or Spanish.
• Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals
• Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, and percentages
• Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out simple one or two step instructions
• Ability to deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables
Finance editorial intern - winter 2018

Business Insider is looking for a fun finance geek to join the team as a paid intern in January. Business Insider's Finance vertical covers financial professionals and everything they do. A basic understanding of what Wall Street's banks, private equity firms, hedge funds, and other firms do is key, as is an understanding of global financial markets. This candidate should be ready to write about what Wall Streeters need to know, and also about what they want to know. An interest in cryptocurrency is a plus. Strong communications skills are a must, and the ability to separate the boring from the interesting is important. Our interns are an integral part of our team, and many of our current writers and editors started as interns. We seek out self-starters and people who are enthusiastic about collaborating with other reporters, video producers, social media editors, and other team members. APPLY HERE with your resume and cover letter. This is a six month internship program at our headquarters in New York City, and interns are expected to work 40 hours per week.
Equipment Room Agent

We believe that true excellence is only delivered by people with the knowledge, tools and passion to set standards rather than chase them.  Do you catch yourself searching the sky when you hear an airplane flying overhead?  Embrace your passion for aviation and let your career take off with Menzies Aviation.  As a leading global provider of Passenger Services, Ramp Handling, Cargo Handling, Technical Support and Fuelling services, we provide a range of career opportunities.  View our video to see how members of our leadership team started their careers with Menzies Aviation https://youtu.be/O-EYcIUrOks   Primary Accountabilities and Duties:  View our Ramp Agent video here: https://youtu.be/I2DClpoDtcI  As a member of our ramp team you will be assisting passengers and their property to arrive safely at their destinations.  You will work within a team to load and unload luggage, freight and cargo on and off commercial aircraft.  You will be driving and operating small specialized commercial vehicles at times and as such you will require a valid driver’s license with a clear driving record.  You will need to be able to perform simple mathematical functions such as adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing as you will need to interpret aircraft weight and balance loading instructions, hazardous material, identification labels, aircraft loading manifests, and baggage and cargo routing tags. You and your team will be required to maintain a safe and secure work environment, in accordance with local health, safety, and security policies and procedures. You will also be responsible for logging equipment issues, equipment repairs, data processing and as such strong computer skills are preferred.  We cross-train our employees so you may be expected to work in other areas of the operation. While previous experience may be beneficial, it is not required as we provide classroom and on the job training to ensure you are fully trained for your new position prior to starting.  To be part of our high performing team, you will need to be at least 18 years of age, be able to speak, read and write in English proficiently and have authorization to work in the US.  All airport staff working airside must be badged by the relevant airport authority.  In order to obtain an airport identification badge with a customs seal, you will need to pass all FBI and other background checks.  We take the safety of our staff, customers and passengers seriously and as such, you will have to be willing to submit and pass a drug and physical abilities test.  The job is a physical job and requires lifting up to 70lbs continuously, pushing, pulling, bending, stretching and frequent kneeling.  The job is primarily is done outdoors which will require you to work in all weather conditions.  A flexible schedule is needed due to the ever changing airline schedules.  Apply now to join the Menzies team – a team that delivers excellence from touchdown to take-off  © MENZIES AVIATION - A DIVISION OF JOHN MENZIES PLC
Scrub Tech

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Scrub Tech Reports to Clinical Director/Administrator. Anticipates the needs of the surgical team. Establishes and maintains a sterile field during surgical procedures in the operating room. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities include the followin (other duties may be assigned): 1. Ensures sterility of all supplies and instruments during set up of surgical procedures. 2. Assists circulating nurse and surgical team in maintaining sterile environment. 3. Assists circulating nurse in gathering necessary surgical supplies and equipment. Is responsible for doing sponge, needle, and instrument count pre-operatively and intra-operative with the circulating nurse. 4. Gowns and gloves surgeons and assistants. 5. Assists in keeping physician preference cards accurate/updated. 6. Retains all specimens to be sent to pathology, confirming source/name of specimen with surgeon. 7. Transports all surgical equipment to appropriate cleaning areas. Assists in sterile supply with cleaning and reprocessing of instrument sets. 8. Interacts appropriately and effectively with all patients/others regardless of age or ethnic background. 9. Uses Standard Universal Precautions, appropriate hand hygiene, personal protective equipment, and safe practices to ensure personal safety and a safe environment. 10. Assists with environmental hazard and infection control surveillance and participates in emergency preparedness drills. 11. Follows all equipment and safety guidelines and is responsible for knowledgeable use and care of equipment. 12. Serves as a resource to other members of the health care team. 13. Attends inservices, conferences, and meetings as required. 14. Communicates effectively and courteously with visitors, physicians, and their office staffs, patients, and employees. Maintains patient, physician, and employee privacy and confidentiality per policy. 15. Maintains designated certifications such as CPR, as offered by the center. 16. Acts in accordance with the vision, mission, and business philosophy of the Center. 17. Complies with Policies and Procedures, and adheres to safety guidelines to ensure a safe work and patient care environment. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual shall be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: High School Diploma / GED; completion of a Scrub Technician Program. Certification preferable. Two years experience as a Scrub Tech in multiple specialties or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Reasoning Ability: Able to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed written or oral instructions. Able to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations. Other skills and abilities: General familiarity with medical terminology as it pertains to anatomy and surgical procedures for an operating room. Physical demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that shall be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, sit, use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl, talk, and hear. The employee shall regularly lift and /or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and /or move up to 100 pounds. USPI''S EDGE- (Every Day Giving Excellence) USPI''S EDGE- is the key to the differentiation of USPI as a customer-focused company. The process of completing EDGE- requirements establishes processes and measurements that are collected, assimilated, and shared throughout USPI. All employees are involved with EDGE-. The involvement can range from doing their jobs to taking on the role of gathering and/or entering data into the computer. All employees shall at some time during their employment be required to participate in the EDGE- program. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 Responsible for knowing the processes involved assuring the standards established by HIPAA, and ensuring they are followed including the practices and records relating to the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals. The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles, extreme cold, and the risk of radiation. The employee occasionally works near moving mechanical parts and is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, and the risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the work environment is moderate.
Front Desk Coordinator


Food Service Worker 1

Settings Create and manage profiles for future opportunities. Track your opportunities.  Miami, Skilled Nursing Facilities, Jackson Memorial Long Term Care Center 📁 Laborer/Service Worker Post Date: Jan 05, 2018  Miami, Skilled Nursing Facilities, Jackson Memorial Long Term Care Center 📁 Laborer/Service Worker Post Date: Jan 05, 2018  Miami, Skilled Nursing Facilities, Jackson Memorial Long Term Care Center 📁 Laborer/Service Worker Post Date: Jan 05, 2018
After School Leader - Driver

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account. The After School Leader - Driver is responsible for planning, preparing, instructing and/or leading general and/or specialized activities for program participants.  Knowledge of: EXPERIENCE and TRAINING GUIDELINES
Any equivalent combination of education, experience and training that would likely provide the applicant with the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying.  A typical way to obtain the knowledge and abilities would be through:

Experience:
One-year related work experience

AND

Education/Training:
Specialized training in assigned program area. There are no benefits associated with this position
Business Operations Analyst

Come work with us! We are always looking for great talent to join our global teams.
College Access and Success Coaches – January 2018 Start

Education award, health coverage, loan deferement College Possible is a growing nonprofit dedicated to coaching low-income students to-and-through college, breaking the cycle of poverty and empowering our workforce. Our rigorously-tested model earns top-of-field results that have helped 98 percent of students served earn admission to college and supported nearly 80 percent through graduation. A 2011 Harvard study found that the program more than doubles a student's chance of enrolling in a four-year college. As an AmeriCorps member with College Possible, you will make a difference in your community and gain valuable experience for your next job or graduate school endeavor. We currently have rewarding 6-8 month AmeriCorps opportunities available, starting in January 2018. As a College Transition Coach you will support high school seniors through graduation and the summer transition period to ensure fall college enrollment.  This includes assisting in presenting workshops to high school students, leading College Possible recruitment efforts for Class of 2020 at designated high schools, and serving as additional support in teaching College Possible sessions.  In addition, you will assist unenrolled College Possible students in determining future college and career goals. As a CollegePoint Coach you will support a group of high-achieving, lower-income high school students across the country as a part of the CollegePoint initiative. This includes utilizing technology to provide personalized information and resources to students surrounding such topics as creating a college list, writing a college essay, and accessing financial aid and scholarships. In addition, you will develop relationships with students as you coach them through the emotional and social transition of attending a top-performing college as well as assisting in planning and implementing workshops for high-achieving College Possible students at your site. Qualifications:  A Bachelor's degree is required.  Ideal applicants will have demonstrated leadership skills, a high level of achievement in academics, employment and/or other pursuits, and a commitment to the mission of College Possible.  We welcome applicants of all academic majors to apply. Compensation includes a living allowance, health coverage and an AmeriCorps Education Award that can be used to repay federal student loans or pay future education expenses. Student loans may be deferred. A 6 - 8 month commitment, depending on position, beginning in January of 2018 is required. College Possible is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, or status with regard to public assistance. Individuals with disabilities encouraged to apply. We provide reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals and conduct all possible activities in fully accessible settings. Alternative application formats are available upon request by contacting Chad Karlsson at CKarlsson@collegepossible.org. You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Head Cashier - Part-Time

Apply now  Apply now Send to yourself or a friend Barnes & Noble is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals, as well as other protected groups. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  Contact (800) 799-5335. Terms of Use, Copyright, and Privacy Policy  © 1997-2017 Barnes & Noble Booksellers, Inc. 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011
Human Resources Specialist


Analytical Chemistry Technician

The Role  Analytical Chemistry Technician The position will be based in Tesla’s Sparks, Nevada Gigafactory in the Quality Analytical Laboratory.  The lab’s role in the Gigafactory includes ensuring the quality of battery systems, molded, stamped, and cast materials, raw materials, and providing technical analytical services and expertise for troubleshooting factory operations. This position involves daily chemical testing and QC of various samples and analysis and interpretation of resulting data to track trends and deficiencies. The ideal candidate for this position will not only have strong analytical skills (problem-solving, “soft” skills) but also demonstrated experience running/utilizing a broad range of scientific analytical equipment (“hard” skills). Responsibilities Requirements Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
EHSS Hazardous Waste Technician, Gigafactory

Position: EHSS Hazardous Waste Technician, Gigafactory Responsibilities: ·         Load and unload solid and liquid materials safely in accordance with company, federal, state, and local regulations/rules. ·         Utilize hand trucks, pallet jacks, fork trucks with attachments and other handling equipment to move material to and from trucks and within the facility. ·         Properly and safely label, lift, weigh, and store containers weighing up to 70lbs. ·         Properly inspect, segregate, and consolidate all waste stored on site. ·         Safely operate equipment to process materials including balers, shredders, grinders, extractors, pumps, tanks and pressure washers. ·         Review and maintain documentation related to the preparation and shipping of wastes and recyclable materials in accordance with regulations and company procedures, including shipping papers, manifest logs, and the like. ·         Utilize barcode system equipment to document certain inventory activities. ·         Utilize knowledge of applicable EPA, DOT, and OSHA regulations. ·         Perform basic spill cleanup and housekeeping duties as well as participate in remediation projects in and out of work area. ·         Be prepared and trained to use Personal Protective Equipment Requirements: Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Collections Associate


Target Protection Specialist

keyword location radius
radius
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles  Check out where you could be working if you apply. Get the latest job openings right in your inbox. View privacy statement. email Category Location Confirm Email   What’s it like to work here? We’re asked that a lot. Target respects and values the individuality of all team members and guests—and we have lots of fun in all that we do. ©2018 Target Brands, Inc. Target, the Bullseye Design and Bullseye Dog are trademarks of Target Brands, Inc.
BLVD - Case Manager (Bilingual-Spanish)

Full time employees receive a generous benefits package PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: BRC started operating the Boulevard Residence in July 2009. Funded by the NYC Department of Homeless Services, the Boulevard is a 101-bed homeless shelter that houses mentally ill men. The program provides a complete range of mental health stabilization, medication management, case management and medical services. The ultimate goal of the program is to place its clients into appropriate, supportive housing within nine months.  HOURS: Full-time, 37.5 hours per week Tue, Wed, Thu, Sat; 9:00am-5:30pm & Fri; 11:00a-7:30p  DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:  QUALIFICATIONS: High School Diploma/ GED required.  BA preferred, Bilingual (Spanish-English) preferred.  Experience working with homeless mentally ill.  Outreach, entitlement, and, substance abuse experience helpful.  CASAC preferred. Proficiency in MS Office, including Word, and Excel. CPR training certification or willingness to take training class in CPR. Bilingual in Spanish Required.   BRC is among the most comprehensive, effective, and fastest growing agencies in NYC serving homeless New Yorkers.  With a $77 million budget and over 800 employees, BRC has 27 programs throughout the New York City area that work together to form a seamless continuum of caring and effective services to meet all of a client's needs. We employ a holistic approach, helping clients achieve health, wellness, and economic self-sufficiency, offering an array of housing and services for more than 10,000 of New York's neediest residents.  BRC has an entrepreneurial culture with a track record of innovation.  BRC is highly successful and has been recognized for it, most recently as a winner of the NY Community Trust's Nonprofit Excellence Award and as a national finalist for the Drucker Prize for innovative management.  Staff at BRC works together collaboratively to address some of the greatest social challenges of our City and does so using a compassionate and respectful approach.  In our most recent survey, 95% of our employees said they would recommend BRC as a good place to work.   For more information about BRC, please see our website at  www.brc.org.  You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you?
IT Support Specialist

Medamorph, LLC is looking for a Full Time Desktop Support Specialist to work in our IS/IT Department in Louisville, CO. Medamorph, LLC is a medical administrative support company facilitating administrative responsibilities for one of Boulder County's largest and fastest growing Gastroenterology practices.
Non-Technical Project/Program Management IV - (B4)

                                  
Head of Organizational Effectiveness


Technician I, Manufacturing Fractionation

ADMA Biologics is a biopharmaceutical company relentlessly committed to creating superior products for immunodeficient patients at risk for infection. It is our devotion to this underserved population that fuels us, and our hands-on approach to production and development that sets us apart. 
Medical Assistant

We are looking for an individual who has a minimum of ONE year clinical experience and is willing to work as a team and enjoys the challenge of doing the things you were trained to do, ECG's, blood draws, injections, vital signs and compassionate patient care with the opportunity to be compensated for the work you do. Our office has two internal medicine physicians and is a very active practice. If you are looking for the position where you can really make a difference, then this is the job for you. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $13.00 to $16.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required license or certification: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Achieve Medical Group. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Business Financial Analyst

iSW is seeking a Business Financial Analyst to work in our Arlington, VA office.

Please Note: This position is contingent upon contract win. Job Description: The candidate will support advanced Department of Defense (DoD) research and development programs. The successful candidate will work directly with government customers to provide program control and financial analysis services. The candidate will work in a fast-paced, multi-function team made up of technical subject matter experts, program and financial analysts, contracts administrators, government testing and experimental facility managers, and project managers to support the advancement of the current state of the art in a wide range of technology thrusts. Leading responsibilities include: Providing programmatic, financial, and administrative support for program managers; drafting DoD financial documents such as Military Interdepartmental Purchase Requests (MIPRs) and working with DoD financial systems including Defense Agencies Initiative (DAI); providing document management, program planning, solicitation preparation, scientific review evaluation boards planning and support, conference planning, preparing presentations and reports, and general office coordination/management; preparing and/or reviewing financial documents, tracking program commitments, obligations, and expenditures, and contractor monthly reports and monitoring contractor performance; developing reports, briefings, program and contract documents; analyzing performance metrics and programmatic documents to ensure contractual, cost, and schedule objectives are met; providing programmatic and financial analysis of contractor schedule and assisting with performance analysis and reporting; administering and tracking multiple program and seedling contracts, and multiple other government agency and services tasks including financial oversight, monitoring program milestones and assisting with document preparation and coordination. Experience working with Department of Defense organizations or performers is highly desirable. Previous experience in a DARPA SETA role is highly desirable. Ability to obtain and retain Clearance is required. Current active Clearance is a strong plus. Required Skills:
•    Bachelor Degree in Finance, Business, Project Management, and/or relevant field
•    DARPA experience with a demonstrated knowledge of current contracting requirements and project management
•    A team player with the ability to work in a Federal government client environment and positively interact with clients, contractors, and other DARPA support personnel on a daily basis
•    Ability to show flexibility, initiative, and innovation in dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations; strong organizational, quantitative, and analytical skills
•    Detailed oriented
•    Strong oral and written communication skills
•    Proficiency in Microsoft Excel/Word/Power Point. Desired Skills:
•    2+ years of experience in a DARPA programmatic SETA role is highly desirable. iSW is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. iSW promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans. ECS Federal has established a culture built to attract, recognize, and retain the very best technology professionals for our projects. Every day, our employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People. 2750 Prosperity Avenue
Suite 600
Fairfax, VA 22031 Copyright 2014 ECS Federal, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 2750 Prosperity Avenue Suite 600 Fairfax, VA 22031
RECORDS SPECIALIST

Accepts and processes applications for Conceal Carry Permits, performs fingerprinting of applicants, conducts written and verbal communication with applicants, runs criminal histories utilizing the Missouri Uniform Law Enforcement System (MULES), prepares files and documentation; enters incident, accident, citations, and arrest records into the Sheriffs Department records software system; prepares computerized reports for the Prosecuting Attorneys Office and other law enforcement agencies; responds to Sunshine Law open records requests and prepares statistical reports for local and state agencies; archives reports. Non-exempt, Full-time, Benefitted Monday-Friday 9:00 A.M.-5:00 P.M. Columbia, Missouri High School Diploma or equivalent; two years of clerical experience in an automated office environment; have a working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel; Experience with AS400 systems preferred but not necessary; 21 years of age or older; must not have any felony convictions; must not have other criminal convictions within the last 2 years, excluding traffic violations; no marijuana use or possession in the past 2 years, and no other illegal drug use or possession in the past 5 years; vision acuity of 20/200 and correctable to 20/20 in both eyes; must possess a valid Operators license at time of application and a valid Missouri Operators license at time of appointment. Applicant must pass a pre-employment drug screen. Must pass the online keyboarding score with a minimum score of 35 NET wpm, or forward a copy of a valid keyboarding score taken in the last year from your local Workforce Development (Career) Center. Must minimum qualifications set forth by the FBI and MSHPCJIS Security policy. Applicant must have no felony convictions or any other criminal conviction or pled guilty to in the past 2 years, excluding traffic violations, no marijuana use or possession in the past 2 years and no other illegal drug use or possession in the past 5 years. $13.65 $14.50/hr. Applicant must submit a signed Authorization to Release Information, pass an on-line typing test (net 35 wpm), Military Release (Sheriff Department), Request for Tax Transcript (Sheriff Department). Applications will be accepted until the posting is removed. Apply by clicking the link above or by visiting our website at www.showmeboone.com/hr . The Apply Now link above will take you to our online application system where you can create a user profile or log into a profile you have previously created. You must have a user profile to apply for any county position. Benefit-eligible employees receive paid vacation, 13 paid holidays, enrollment in the County Employees Retirement Fund, and two matching deferred compensation plans. Other benefits include 100% County paid or low cost employee health insurance premium options, 100% County paid employee dental premiums, subsidized dependent premiums, and County paid long-term disability and life insurance. An Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer
CUSTODIAL WORKER

 Melwood offers business partnerships and opportunities in the commercial, federal, state and nonprofit sectors. Learn More Melwood offers a number of career opportunities to people with differing abilities. Find your new career here. Learn More Donate online to support Melwood’s efforts to transform the lives of people with differing abilities. Learn More Melwood's Community Support Services supports more than 1100 children, youth and adults with differing abilities to work and play where and how they choose. Learn More Enriching recreational activities for children, youth and adults of all abilities. Learn More Top At Melwood, we recognize the contributions of our employees as an integral part of our continued growth and success. We've worked very hard to create a corporate culture that fosters, recognizes and rewards exceptional performance.  Browse Open Jobs  |   Search Open Jobs  |   Edit Your Profile  |   Submit Your Resume  |   View Submitted Applications Want to keep up to date with the latest news from Melwood? Enter your email below and be added to our mailing list. Thanks for signing up! 5606 Dower House Road, Upper Marlboro, MD 20772 / Phone (301)599-8000 / Fax (301)599-0180
Melwood is a 501(c) 3 not-for-profit organization
Chief Financial Officer NYC (CFO)

All jobs → Chief Financial Officer NYC (CFO) New York, United States · Finance Your day-to-day We are looking for a CFO who will work closely with other decision-makers at Classheroes concerning topics such as revenue/cost planning, budgeting, hiring, and helping grow our financial team. You will be responsible for: Additionally, this position you will also be involved in: Your Profile A successful candidate will have a proven track record of top performance, the ability to multi-task in a dynamic/high-intensity growth environment, and experience supporting the strategic objectives of a cross-functional team. If the following qualities ring true, you would fit right in at Classheroes: WHAT YOULL GET The opportunity to join a rapidly growing tech startup in its early days and to have a real impact from day one Very attractive compensation package Full private health insurance, 100% contribution to your gym membership and daily 10 lunch allowance Relaxed, fun work environment and flexible working hours Regular company-sponsored team events and outings If you feel like this role could be a good fit, please get in touch as soon as possible! We'd love to hear more about you.
Accounting Assistant


Administrative Assistant / Sales Administrator


Teacher Assistant


Patient Service Coordinator


Software Quality Assurance Tester


Procurement Support 569459

Procurement Support This role will assist the current P2P (Procure to Pay) Operations team by providing back up support in vendor maintenance, material set ups, co-pack and outline agreement issues. Work will consist of problem solving, tactical work, and in addition some projects may be given to this role to assist in completing for the team. The role will collaborate with other departments so strong communication and follow up skills are needed to be successful. Will require use of intermediate Excel skills. Training provided by team mates. Requirements: $15 Per Hour                              Alpharetta, GA 30022              6 Month Assignment (possible extension)
Network Specialist - Journeyman (Government)

Keyword Search City, State, or ZIP  Keep the wheels of government turning 24/7. In a Government Support role, you’ll join a trusted team of experts who connect over 1,200 different agencies to serious security and mobility. Your work will help make the networks that our country runs on more protected, agile and effective. And with a wide range of opportunities (from Engineers to IT and Cyber Security), your continued growth can always be a top priority. Security + Certification. Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Information Systems, or Computer Science. Three to five (3-5) years supporting operations centers supporting 15,000 or more customers and integrating service providers for a blend of basic and premier customers.


Required Clearance: SECRET


AT&T is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V From the Shores of Cuba to the Boardroom at AT&T, Ralph de la Vega Talks About His Rise to the Top Life at AT&T | Building a Rube Goldberg-style Machine AT&T’s Women in Tech Talk at AT&T AT&T Ranks Number 3 on DiversityInc’s Top Companies for Diversity AT&T’s Nanodegree Program Provides Affordable Training for High-Demand Tech Jobs Life At AT&T Podcast Series Explore more stories I believe in AT&T and know they are at the edge of technology. The company believes in their people and offers all kinds of training to enable us to take on new jobs and to stay at the front of technology. The software defined network which we are building is the newest technology and AT&T has been involved since early 2000s. You have a great deal of autonomy at AT&T as long as you get the job done. You have the ability to do different jobs and be challenged at all times. I really have little negative to say about AT&T I have worked here for 35 years on March 23rd of 2016. If you're already part of the AT&T family and think this role is perfect for someone you know, let us know. We’d love to get to know them – and thank you with a reward. Our hiring team could be coming to a community near you. Come out and say hi. Building the FirstNet team AT&T's Workplace 2020 experience AT&T Inside Story -
Marko Rajeva AT&T Inside Story -
Charles Eader AT&T Inside Story -
Cynthia Marshall AT&T Inside Story -
Shay Phillips We work hard and play even harder. Because with everything we do, #LifeAtATT is always an adventure. In 2015, we saved $119 million in annualized energy – and that’s only the start of how we’re in the business of doing good. We’re working to make a difference in our communities – like our $250 million commitment to education through AT&T Aspire. With 115,000+ employees in our employee networks, we celebrate the amazing things our differences bring to the table. We’re on a mission to hire the best talent – a big mission. We’re committed to hiring 20,000 veterans by 2020. Whether it’s in AT&T Labs, the AT&T Foundry or our Mobile App Hackathons, we’re unleashing talent and turning big ideas into big possibilities. With mentors to guide your way and lots of training opportunities, there’s no limit to how much you can grow or where your career can go. © 2018 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. Discrimination and all unlawful harassment (including sexual harassment) in employment is not tolerated. We encourage success based on our individual merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or employment status. We support and obey laws that prohibit discrimination everywhere we do business. AT&T fully considers all qualified applicants including those with a criminal history. Click here to learn more or request an application accommodation here.
Eyelash Extension Specialist


Science Writer/Editor

Since its inception, Dana-Farber has placed a unique emphasis on all forms of research relevant to the eradication of cancer while, at the same time, providing both cutting-edge and highly compassionate comprehensive patient care.  The Department of Medical Oncology seeks a Scientific Writer and Editor to assist various members of the Medical Oncology department in writing and editing grant applications, manuscripts or other written material on an as-needed basis.  The writer/editor will work with the DFCI faculty, research staff or grant managers on a specific timeline and deadline schedule related to each writing project, which may include reading background information, federal and foundation sponsor guidelines, request for proposal (RFP) language, and internal and external policies and procedures for a specific writing assignment.  In this capacity the writer may meet face to face with faculty and research staff, follow up with phone conversations, and use other methods of communication to establish a final product.  The Science Writer/Editor will be a key link between dedicated oncologists, scientists, and donors/sponsors who comprise the wide Dana-Farber community. The Science Writer should be able to take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely, and accurately to explain key concepts to sponsors. The Science Writer will interpret the challenges in cancer care and research in order to convey scientific insights that are both deep and broad.    In collaboration with the Content and Creative Services team within the Communications Department, the Science Writer/Editor will work to advance the department’s mission via updates and messaging from the Department of Medical Oncology to internal and external audiences through newsletters, helping craft the annual report, story reporting, and other writing as needed. These may include but are not limited to:   All candidates must include a cover letter with their application.  A Bachelor's degree in a related wet-lab or dry lab science is required, but a Master’s or PhD is preferred. A minor in Communications or English would strengthen one’s candidacy. Candidates should have 3 - 5 years of communications experience, preferably in a science related field. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, particularly Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint, is required.  All candidates must embody Dana-Farber’s Core Values of Impact; Excellence; Compassion & Respect; and Discovery every day. Add value to the Dana-Farber community by seeking opportunities to collaborate across the Institute.  Foster an ethical, positive, results-oriented culture founded on open communication.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required:  Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other groups as protected by law. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
Assistant, Membership

The Assistant, Membership works closely with the Assistant Manager of Membership and the Manager of Annual and Digital Fundraising to coordinate and execute the production of all Kennedy Center, NSO, and WNO Membership campaigns (annual donors of less than $1,200), including acquisition, renewal, reinstatement, and special appeal direct mail, telephone, and digital campaigns. The Assistant is responsible for tracking and preparing Membership information and data for marketing and reporting purposes and manages all Membership fulfillment, as well as all clerical work for the department. The position also handles the majority of personal stewardship, prospecting, and cultivation from the Membership team.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive, involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. An eagerness to communicate and problem solve with a positive attitude is essential. Duties and Responsibilities 40%   Collaborate with the Assistant Manager of Membership to execute the planning, design, preparation and implementation of all Kennedy Center, NSO, and WNO Membership campaigns, including: tracking production details/schedules, proof-reading/copy-editing, reviewing copy/design, overseeing print orders, tracking inventories, processing invoices, communicating delivery instructions, participating in telemarketing trainings, and analyzing overall campaign results. 25%   Create briefings and manage lists of potential acquisition and upgrade prospects in order to cultivate and upgrade current donors to higher levels of giving, as well as identify prospective new donors. Cultivate relationships with Membership donors. 10%   Assist with the planning and execution of all Membership events. 10%   Manage the creation and updating of all Membership collateral, ensuring consistent appropriate branding and accuracy. 15%   Oversee the acknowledgement process for all Kennedy Center, NSO, and WNO Membership contributions, including: data extraction/management, review of weekly data for fulfillment firm, tracking production, following up on firm needs, and drafting accurate and effective acknowledgement copy as necessary. 5%     Process all Membership contributions received through our telemarketing firms, including live credit card charges. 5%     Departmental administrative duties Education/Experience Bachelor’s Degree required.  Proven record of high quality customer service and fundraising experience preferred.  Database management experience preferred. Minimum Skills and/or Knowledge Required Possess a warm and friendly phone demeanor, and exhibit a high degree of patience, and be comfortable conducting business over the phone Proven ability to act with tact and diplomacy as the position regularly does business with all levels of society and Center leadership Superior organization and time management skills Creativity and an excellent command of the English language are critical communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding. Ability to think ‘outside the box’ is necessary. The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is a world premier performing arts organization and our nation’s cultural center. Diversity is a critical component of our mission, vision, and values. Our staff exhibits a wide variety of perspectives and experiences which enable us to foster and strengthen an environment of diversity and inclusion. Click "Apply for this Position" to submit your resume and application.   If you are already logged in, you may click "Add to my Jobs" to apply using information you have previously submitted. Submit cover letter and resume including salary requirements. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. Qualified minorities and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. EOE  If you have applied for a position at the Kennedy Center since July, 2014 and created a login when you applied, please login below to easily apply for this position using the information you previously submitted.   If you are already logged in, simply select the "Add to my Jobs" button above to apply for this position using the information you previously submitted. Accessibility | Privacy Statement | Terms and Conditions Copyright 1990-2017. All rights reserved.
Medical Office Assistant - NGPG West Jackson - Full Time

 If you are an energetic Medical Office Assistant who enjoys being part of a collaborative and talented team, then a rewarding career with Northeast Georgia Physicians Group is where you want to be! Northeast Georgia Physicians Group (NGPG) is one of the largest multispecialty groups in North Georgia. Representing over 20 medical specialties, we bring together more than 300 talented physicians, physician assistants, and nurse practitioners, along with other clinical staff at more than 80 locations.   We are currently seeking a Medical Office Assistant to join our dynamic team of healthcare professionals in Hoschton, Georgia 30548. MOA performs duties that include reception, maintaining clinical and financial records, front office inventory requirements, and medical records.  Requirements:  Previous experience in a clinical setting preferred High School Diploma/GED Required   More Awards and Accolades.

Ranked in the Top 10% in the nation by CareChex® for Stroke Care, Cancer Care, Pneumonia Care and Surgical Care, the System is the recipient of numerous accolades including:  More Choices.

The Blue Ridge Mountains are less than a 30-minute drive and Lake Sidney Lanier is next door.  Whatever setting suits your mood, you'll find it right here. Atlanta, with its abundance of sports including the Atlanta Braves, Hawks, Falcons, and Georgia Swarm, as well as entertainment attractions, is less than an hour to the south. We value diversity and always hire equally and equitably.  
Clinical Research Assistant II

To qualify, you must have: The Center of Excellence for Pediatric Quality Measurement is seeking an enthusiastic, intelligent, and organized individual for a full-time Clinical Research Assistant II position. CEPQM has been awarded continuation funding through the national Pediatric Quality Measures Program (PQMP) to extend the Center’s prior work that developed pediatric quality of care measures for broad national use. CEPQM works on disseminating and implementing two measure sets that were developed in our prior work: a set of pediatric readmissions measures and a pediatric inpatient care experience measure, the Child Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (Child HCAHPS) Survey. We are working with state Medicaid/CHIP programs to field test the two measure sets to ensure validity, feasibility, and usability for states, health plans, and hospitals, including developing strategies to streamline data collection and measure reporting; and working with selected hospitals to assist them in using the performance data to define QI goals, assess intervention effects, and drive state-level improvement. The Center is part of the Division of General Pediatrics, which has a thriving research portfolio. Division members conduct health services research, behavioral intervention research, disparities research, community-based participatory research, and clinical research across diverse content areas (e.g., asthma, HIV, obesity) using a range of qualitative and quantitative methodologies.


Boston Children's Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including a rotating days/evenings and week-end schedule, affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement, cell phone plan discounts and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off).

Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.
EHSS Safety Technician, Gigafactory

Responsibilities: Requirements: Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Network/Systems Technician


Graphic Designer, Digital & Print

All jobs → Graphic Designer, Digital & Print Boston, Massachusetts, United States · Marketing/Creative YOUR OBJECTIVE You will help grow the Life is Good brand through the power of good design. Using your passion for apparel and technology design, you will help the marketing team execute design solutions for a variety of social media digital, print and web needs that will directly impact the Life is Good brand development and revenue growth. You'll be just as excited to jump in during the concept phase as you are the production phase. YOUR JOB Essential Duties and Responsibilities Your Experience and Qualifications:  Your Personal Attributes  How you know you are successful  We're located in the innovative Fort Point neighborhood. You'll be involved in growing our social mission through the Life is Good Kids Foundation. We offer top quality Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending Accounts, Transit or Parking Reimbursement Accounts, Life, AD&D, Short and Long-Term Disability, 401(k) with matching funds, Vacation, 10 paid holidays, Personal Time, Good Vibes Time and Family Time. Life is Good does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
Project Accountant Asst


Underpayment Analyst /Collections - Full-Time

      
Creative Project Manager

 Tictail Home Page
Patient Access Associate-St. Vincent - 86th St.

 The job has been added to the Job cart.  Indianapolis, IN Shift Days: Varies; Mon-Fri with rotating weekends

Shift Hours: Varies;Typically between 6am and 7pm Monday through Friday



Set your sights on a role making a real difference in the healthcare system. We’re looking for a self-motivated Patient Access Associate to join our team. We have a relentless focus on driving results for our customers and enabling them to invest more into patient care; in turn, this allows us to continue to grow our company and your career. The Patient Access Associate will be responsible for accurate and timely patient registration utilizing medical systems.  This person will assign ICD-10 and CPT codes relative to patient registration.  The Patient Access Associate will utilize facility medical necessity tool to verify appropriate diagnosis and coverage criteria. This work will need to be performed according to established policies and procedures.  The associate will provide exceptional customer service to physicians, patients, family members and all other medical professionals.  In addition to the day to day responsibilities, this person will actively participate in quality improvement and innovative change processes as well as departmental meetings and educational offerings.

The successful candidate must have demonstrated experience handling patients with efficiency and accuracy to broad customer base. Your day to day role will include: You Have: It would be great if you also have: We offer: R1 is changing healthcare by infusing operational discipline and proprietary technology in hospital financial processes. We are an industry leader; we are the only independent organization with a comprehensive service and technology offering for hospital revenue cycle management, and we have achieved leading outcomes for our customers.  Sound like you? Let’s talk! About R1: R1 is a leading provider of revenue cycle management services and Physician Advisory Services to healthcare providers.  We are the largest independent end-to-end revenue cycle provider and have the longest operating history in the revenue cycle industry.  R1’s objective is to be the one trusted partner to manage revenue so providers and patients can focus on what matters most.  Our distinctive operating model and values includes people, processes, and sophisticated integrated technology/analytics that help customers realize sustainable improvements in their operating margins and improve the satisfaction of their patients, physicians, and staff.  We are dedicated to transforming the commercial infrastructure and patient experience in healthcare.  We will notify you about relevant positions, and keep you in mind whenever we have interesting opportunities. R1 RCM Inc. (“the Company”) is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity. The Company’s practices and employment decisions, including those regarding recruitment, hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation, benefits, training, discipline, and termination shall not be based on any person’s age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Discrimination based on sex or gender may vary based on the applicable state or local law and may include, for example, discrimination based on gender identity (including transgender identity, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and gender stereotyping). Furthermore, the Company is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment based on any of the foregoing protected categories. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please email us at careers@r1rcm.com for assistance.
Remote Customer Service Representative

Job Summary D&M VIRTUAL SOLUTIONS LLC a Tulsa-Based Company, Is currently seeking to add (5) Remote/Home - Customer Service Representatives to our Winning & Innovative Team! LET 2018 BE YOUR YEAR! BUILD A CAREER WITH US & ONE YOU WILL LOVE, AND APPRECIATE! The ideal candidate will be: Customer Service Oriented Willing to assist self/others Computer Savy & Knowledgeable in using their resources in order to find an answer. Someone teachable and willing to listen to feedback provided by PFQA, and Operations Officer. Committed to being a TOP-PERFORMER Previous Call-Center Experience or Bilingual Candidates is a PLUS! Responsibilities and Duties Qualification & Skills Benefits PLEASE NOTE THIS IS AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR POSITION (1099) *subject to change Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Salary: $8.25 to $12.00 /hour » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to D&M VIRTUAL SOLUTIONS LLC. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
IT Compliance Specialist


Customer Service Rep


Office Representative - State Farm Agent Team Member

Do you have aspirations to run your own business? If so, you may want to consider working in the office of Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent. As a member of our agency team, you have an opportunity to experience first-hand what it takes to be a State Farm Agent. You will build and develop customer relationships within the community to promote State Farm products including auto, home and life insurance. This position will allow you to experience working in an agent's office and to explore the opportunity to become a State Farm agent yourself.   Compensation: $30,000 - $60,000  If you are motivated to succeed and can see yourself in this role, please complete our application. We will follow up with you on the next steps in the interview process. This position is with a State Farm independent contractor agent, not with State Farm Insurance Companies. Employees of State Farm agents must be able to successfully complete any applicable licensing requirements and training programs. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents’ employees are not employees of State Farm. State Farm agents are independent contractors who hire their own employees. State Farm agents' employees are not employees of the State Farm Insurance Companies. We are a very busy office and are looking for our next great team member. We are an established, growth-oriented agency with a team of highly motivated individuals. Our team works hard to reach our goals together as a team and have fun while we are doing it! If you want to work in an environment that is fun, challenging, and rewarding, then Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent may be the right fit for you! If you're willing to work hard and you expect to get results from yourself and those around you, we want to meet you and talk about the opportunity we have for you. Come work with an energetic, fun team at Bobby Branch - State Farm Agent!  (if you already have a resume on Indeed) * required fields | support@careerplug.com | Privacy Policy
Rewards Manager (Compensation & Benefits)

    
Billing Administrator

Billing Administrator
Houston, TX Position Description:
As a Billing Administrator you will be responsible for processing periodic billing runs, entering and maintaining billing records and reviewing preliminary billings as well as for the calculations of commissions payable to sales representatives. You will be required to meet strict deadlines, maintain accurate billing records, learn and apply commission plans, calculate commissions earned and maintain records. You will have interaction with sales representatives, management and accounting specialists. You will be asked to research and resolve various issues as they come up regarding both, billing and commissions.

This position is challenging; but there are repetitive tasks such as general clerical duties and data entry that are involved as well. The department is looking for someone that enjoys working with numbers, has a great attention to detail, enjoys working in a team-work environment and is dedicated to their work.
Casual Bus Washer

 Welcome to the City of Pullman's job opportunity page. The City of Pullman is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.  If you have a disability for which you will need reasonable accommodation, please provide the ADA coordinator with your request in sufficient time for the city to provide a reasonable accommodation. (509) 338-3207 Click on the logo above to return to the City's website. Cleans the exterior and interior of transit vehicles using hand and power equipment. Moves and lines up buses in yard and barn. Checks exterior for evidence of damage and reports damage. Checks interior for vandalism and conditions which would injure passengers or their clothing and reports damage or repairs damage as applicable. Fuels buses and checks oil and water levels when required. Trades out buses when required. Acts as custodian for transit system. Cleans and repairs bus shelters and bus stop signs. Attend work on a regular and dependable basis. Interacts in a professional and respectful manner with city staff and the public. During the winter will clean snow and ice from bus stops, may use a snow blower to remove snow. Ability to comprehend and follow oral and written instruc­tions. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relation­ships with supervisor and co-workers. Ability to obtain a commercial driver's license, Class B with air brake restriction removed. Ability to safely operate a motor vehicle as evidenced by a good driving record. While performing the duties of this job, the employee occasionally works in outside weather conditions. The employee is  exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, toxic or caustic chemicals. The employee is occasionally required to reach, bend, stoop, and stand for long periods of time. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. This is a safety-sensitive position and is subject to random drug and alcohol testing as a condition of employment. The noise level in the work environment is moderately loud. Paratransit van, bus, or car; power washer; janitorial equipment.  The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change. Your privacy is very important to us. We will never give your information to anyone. Period.
Irrigation Technician - FULL TIME - Immediate Start - Green...


Customer Support Representative

Customer Support Representative
Fort Worth, TX Position Description:
Xpressdocs, a division of Reynolds and Reynolds, is adding Customer Support Representatives to our growing, successful team. The Client Services team is responsible for connecting the company to our customers, providing support and resolving questions about products and services via phone, chat, email and social media.

As a Customer Support representative you will quickly respond to an array of customer inquiries with a focus on exceeding established service goals and ensuring customer satisfaction. You will work cross functionally with internal teams to handle custom client requests, managing projects through completion. This opportunity will involve problem solving, critical thinking, and working with others on a daily basis.
RESEARCH COORDINATOR

The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Disability Services Office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu.
Client Service Representative

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Client Service Representative  VCA Schaumburg Animal Hospital is seeking an experienced Client Service Representative to join our 8-doctor practice in Schaumburg, Illinois—located outside of Chicago in the booming “Golden Corridor.” At VCA Animal Hospitals, we take our mission statement – your pet’s health is our top priority and excellent service is our goal – very seriously. With every opportunity, we aim to exceed each pet owner’s expectations. We would like an applicant that has experience with animal handling and basic veterinary assistant skills. Upbeat personality with great people skills are mandatory.  Job Description As the face of VCA, the Client Service Representative sets the tone for the practice as we build and maintain each customer's trust and confidence in our abilities. The CSR combines customer service with sales skills to develop the relationships we have with our clients, as well as positively impact our business.  Skills and Qualifications VCA's Client Service Representatives come from a wide variety of professional backgrounds: careers in medical & healthcare fields, retail, hospitality, restaurant service, sales, management, administrative assisting, and call centers. Yet they all share a common passion….the satisfaction that comes from providing an outstanding client experience. The successful CSR candidate will share VCA's commitment to delivering the highest quality patient care with exceptional client service. He/she will bring a positive attitude, a service orientation, and high energy along with:  Duties and Responsibilities The Client Service Representative plays a key role in the hospital's success, as his/her immediate interaction with customers impacts revenue, repeat visits, and satisfaction. While this position does not have any clinical duties, the CSR will work hand-in-hand with Veterinarians, Veterinary Technicians, Hospital Managers, Regional Directors, and Kennel teams. The CSR is the pivot around which the hospital operates and is responsible for:  Benefits Our practice is growing and we'd like you to be a part of it! Salary is negotiable, full time benefits include health insurance, paid-time off, 401(k), discounted pet care, flexible health. Our practice is a high-quality, bustling practice that has extended hours 7 days/week until 10PM. We have a great work environment with a family feel. The practice is recently went through a major remodel that will make you proud to say that you work here!  If interested in this opportunity, please click the “Apply” link below.  If you think this would be an ideal opportunity for someone you know, click “Share.”  
Warehouse Worker - BSU - Concession

Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.  Position Summary: The Warehouse Worker is responsible for receiving and processing incoming stock/product, preparing and completing orders for delivery or pickup, and performing inventory and quality control  Essential functions and responsibilities of the position may vary by Aramark location based on client requirements and business needs.  Essential Functions: Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
Warehouse Worker - BSU Board

Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.  Position Summary: The Warehouse Worker is responsible for receiving and processing incoming stock/product, preparing and completing orders for delivery or pickup, and performing inventory and quality control  Essential functions and responsibilities of the position may vary by Aramark location based on client requirements and business needs.  Essential Functions: #Monster Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
Sales Associate

Position Summary: Responsible for providing exceptional customer service and creating a customer centric environment. This person will also be required to perform store operational tasks as needed.


General Purpose: Customer Service, Basic selling skills, Front-end operations, Merchandising and retail operating standards.


Role Qualifications: Position Responsibilities: Basic Skills required: Preferred skills and experience: Reporting to this person: No direct reports


Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law. Follow us on
Facebook Follow us on
LinkedIn Follow us on
Twitter Follow us on
YouTube Follow us on
Instagram Follow us on
Glassdoor Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law. For individuals with disabilities that need additional assistance at any point in the process, please call 1-800-270-9560 or email staffing@staples.com for more information. EEO is the Law English Version – Revised November 2009 EEO is the Law Supplement English Version – Revised September 2015 Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Staples is committed to providing accommodation to people with disabilities throughout the job application and interview process to the point of undue hardship. If you require an accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact a Customer Care Representative at 1-866-782-7537.
Breastfeeding Program Coordinator


6 Month Contract Tech Recruiter


IT Specialist (Information Security)

An official website of the United States government 09/15/2017 to 01/31/2018 $56,226 to $145,629 per year GS 9 - 14 Full-Time Multiple Appointment Types Many vacancies in the following location: No U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S., and excepted service employees.  DE-10044829-17-MA 479548600 We're looking for candidates passionate about the exciting and challenging mission of protecting our nation's cyberspace; securing our critical infrastructure, defense, intelligence, financial, energy, healthcare and transportation systems; and safeguarding the personal information of hundreds of millions of Americans.

This announcement establishes a register of qualified applicants who will be periodically referred for employment consideration for positions in Washington, D.C. or the local commuting area based on the hiring needs of agencies across the Federal government. Official position titles may vary based on the vacancy being filled, e.g., IT Specialist, IT Project Manager, IT Program Manager. In addition, some positions may have lead or supervisory responsibilities, or promotion potential to higher grade levels. Agencies that use pay bands or other pay systems can fill positions using this job opportunity announcement where the pay band or grade includes the GS grades listed above.

ATTENTION: This announcement will have multiple cut off dates. The first cut off will support the hiring efforts of agencies in conjunction with the Chief Information Officers (CIO) Council Federal Tech/Cyber Hiring & Recruitment Event which will be held in the Washington, D.C. Metro Area on November 6-7, 2017. The first cut off will end at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either: (A) September 29th, 2017 or (B) The date that 1000 applications are received; whichever occurs first. If the cut off ends on the date that 1000 applications are received, all applications submitted by 11:59 pm that day will be given consideration, including those in excess of 1000. Additional cut off dates may be established to refer other groups of qualified applicants for employment consideration based on the hiring needs of agencies.

The additional cutoff dates established so far are: As an IT Specialist (Information Security), your typical work assignments might include: Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. No Questions? This job is open to 2 groups. 2210 Information Technology Management  If qualifying on the basis of your graduate level education, you must submit copies of your transcripts or a list of your completed courses. The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) and Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) provide eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. To be qualified you must submit appropriate documentation (a copy of the agency notice, your most recent performance rating, and your most recent SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location) and be rated well-qualified on the assessment. Additional information about ICTAP and CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Reasonable Accommodation Requests: If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for Reasonable Accommodations for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments and appropriate supporting documentation for Reasonable Accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Decisions on requests for Reasonable Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours of receiving the URL to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. To determine if you need a Reasonable Accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here: https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/images/1/14/USA_Hire_Reasonable_Accommodation_FAQs_-_01-26- 17.pdf You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Once the announcement has closed, a review of your résumé and supporting documentation, as well as a determination of whether you meet the preliminary qualifications and attained the overall minimum score on the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, will be the basis for establishing whether you meet all of the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying; errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

All qualified candidates will be assigned to a quality category. The quality categories are Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. You will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, and abilities):  Other To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.  Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin an application. To apply for this position, you must complete the initial online application, to include submission of the required documentation specified in the Required Documents section below. The complete application package must be submitted by 11:59 PM (ET) on the closing date of the announcement to receive consideration. The application process is as follows: 202-489-3592 maria.ahmad@opm.gov  If you assert that you meet the preliminary qualifications of this position, you may be presented with instructions on how to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments system. These additional online assessments must be completed within 48 hours following the close of this announcement unless you have requested Reasonable Accommodation for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Your results will be kept on record for one year when applying for future jobs that require the same USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must meet the preliminary qualifications and attain an overall minimum score on the required, online assessments to proceed further in the hiring process. The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits. Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:  You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis. Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency. This job originated on www.usajobs.gov. For the full announcement and to apply, visit www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/479548600. Only resumes submitted according to the instructions on the job announcement listed at www.usajobs.gov will be considered.  Learn more about  202-489-3592 maria.ahmad@opm.gov  Your USAJOBS session will expire due to inactivity in three minutes. Any unsaved data will be lost if you allow the session to expire. Click the button below to continue your session. USAJOBS is a United States Office of Personnel Management website.
Loss Prevention Detective

Description: As a fast growing company we are constantly in search of new employees to fill job openings as they come available. Currently all of our security officer assignments are in Maryland; Washington, D.C.; and Virginia. The assignments have shifts covering all hours of the day and night. The loss prevention position is a less common position within the company but as we grow, we find we need to be proactive and review applications for the position for the near future. If hired, training for the position will be monitored for a timeframe of at least 40 working hours. Training for the position is paid. We provide training opportunities to our current employees on a regular basis. Duties: Qualifications: Applicant Requirements: You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Financial Relationship Specialist - College Park ( 40 hours...


Apprentice Technician


Safety and Mission Assurance Support Services at NASA Ames R...

Position Description
ERT, Inc. is searching for a senior-level safety professional with extensive program management experience for an upcoming contract currently under competition. The Program Manager will direct a team of employees, subcontractors and consultants providing support to NASA's Occupational Safety, Health, and Medical Services Division as well as the Systems Safety and Mission Assurance Division at NASA Ames Research Center. This position serves as the primary point of contact interfacing with the NASA customer on a daily basis. The Program Manager is responsible for formulating and enforcing work standards, assigning project schedules, reviewing work discrepancies, supervising employee and subcontractor teams, and communicating corporate ERT policies as well as federal program purpose and goals to the entire program team. Program Management will be done 100% on-site at an active NASA research facility. Required Skills
10+ years of relevant occupational safety, industrial hygiene, and program management experience required. Additional experience in risk management, quality assurance, system safety, quality assurance, software assurance and software safety, and reliability and maintainability (RM) engineering is a plus.. Candidate should possess the technical expertise necessary to advise on safety and occupational health issues and have demonstrated experience directly managing an interdisciplinary team of 20 or more staff, managing financials for multiple tasks simultaneously under tight schedules, and overseeing major subcontractors and numerous vendors and consultants. Requires experience working with multiple stakeholders including: working directly for federal clients, facility tenant entities, civil servants, and on-site contractors. The preferred candidate will have demonstrable working knowledge of NASA and the unique skills required to oversee support services at active, multi-tenant federal research facilities. Experience interacting with related facilities support functions ranging from medical services to quality assurance and risk management is a plus. CIH, CSP or PMP preferred. Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility. Education
MS in safety, industrial hygiene, physical science, related discipline, or equivalent.  ERT is a trusted partner to the government, providing scientific analysis and modeling, engineering, information technology, and environmental services and solutions to NOAA, NASA, DoD, USGS, the Army Corps of Engineers, and other Federal and state government agencies. ISO 9001:2015
CMMI Dev. Level 3
Bridge Assessor


Apartment Locating Specialist/Rockstar

All jobs → Apartment Locating Specialist/Rockstar Irving, Texas, United States · Office Agent - DFW · DFW Are you tired of real estate interviews that sound more like a multi-level marketing pitch than a real job? Do you spend time and money looking for leads rather than helping clients? Desk fees and marketing expenses got you down? Stressed out over a commission-only environment with no guaranteed income or job security? We do real estate different… We want professional real estate agents with a solid work ethic and a passion for customer service. We offer a full time job with guaranteed income and real benefits. Our agents do what they do best; help clients. Our extensive support staff takes care of the rest. We’d love to tell you more about an incredible career opportunity helping renters find the perfect apartment!  Sigma Relocation Group, LLC is the parent company of UMoveFree.com; the largest apartment locating company in Texas. We help renters find apartments, and apartments find renters…and we do it in a new and innovative way. Over the past 10 years our company grew from 5, to 25, to just under 100 employees. Along the way we built a competitive business and an amazing team. We want to expand that team to include rock stars like you! Learn More About Us: www.UMoveFree.com www.SigmaRelocation.com  Ready to hear what awesome benefits we offer? We provide our agents with…   Find out for yourself what we’re all about. Let’s talk. Contact: Beverly Debysingh, HR Manager Sigma Relocation Group, LLC | UMoveFree Apartment Locators Office: 214-614-5446 Fax: 214-614-5447 Email: Beverly.Debysingh@SigmaRelocation.com  Sigma Relocation Group, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status  
Business Intelligence Analyst

Analytics - Business Intelligence/Data Science Boston, Massachusetts  Ideal Candidate:  An aspiring analyst with a quantitative background who has a strong desire to make an impact on business decisions with data. You appreciate the power of a data-driven environment and predictive analytics! Introduction to the team:  Business Intelligence (Analytics) Team is an exciting blend of business, big data, and technology. At Wayfair, the Business Intelligence team empowers people in every part of the company to make better decisions with data.Working on the Business Intelligence Team is a premier opportunity to further develop your career in business and big data analytics. Each Business Intelligence Analyst is aligned with one or more groups, such as Marketing, Logistics, or Customer Service and partners with those teams to help them achieve their goals. Whether you’re measuring site performance, analyzing customer behavior and trends, data mining, or optimizing SQL queries, you will be working with cutting edge technology and multi-terabyte datasets. At their core, Business Intelligence Analysts at Wayfair are strong in quantitative analysis, enjoy SQL coding but also want to balance that with their interest in business. They think critically to tackle complex challenges, thrive in a fast-paced environment and are seeking a high-growth opportunity where they will have an immediate impact on day one. Responsibilities: Qualifications: About Wayfair Wayfair Inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor across all styles and price points. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair generated $3.4 billion in net revenue for full year 2016. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 5,600 people.  Powered by Jobvite
Network Installation Technician

Information Technology Vienna, Virginia  Horizon Industries Limited (HIL) is a dynamic IT and Management Consulting firm based in the Washington, DC area. We are currently seeking a Network Installation Technician for a full-time position remotely supporting the Defense Logistics Agency. Job Description: Experience, including supervision of contractor’s personnel; analysis, design, and installation of local and wide area networks; and analysis and installation of communications systems. Familiar with engineering documentation, network configurations and topologies, X.25, TCP/IP, frame relay, bridges, and routers. General experience includes increasing responsibilities in technical management. Organizes and directs network installations on site surveys. Assesses and documents current site network configurations. Directs and leads preparation of engineering plans and site installation technical design packages. Develops installation schedules. Mobilizes network installation team. Directs and leads preparation of drawings documenting configuration changes at each site. Prepares site installation and test reports. Coordinates post-installation operations and maintenance support.  Required Skills / Experience:  Education: High school or equivalent Location: Remote Horizon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and it is our policy to consider all applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, alienage, ancestry, citizenship status, or any other factors prohibited by law. Horizon will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Horizon’s legal duty to furnish information. EOE M/F/D/V  
Center Associate - Bastrop


Baker

New User looking to
apply for the first time? New Hire or a
Returning Applicant?
Sitter

Maybe you would like to consider the Categories below : Bening with our leaders ... Copyright © 2017 WellStar Health System. All Rights Reserved. WellStar is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status or any status which is protected by local, state or federal law.
Security Guard - Hospital

Build a future with Securatex! Become a valued Security Guard member of our TEAM!

Are you looking for a company that will provide you the proper training to succeed in your Security Guard job? A company with promotional opportunities? Securatex is the future that you have been looking for.

Our mission is to provide our clients with a wide-range of quality security guard services based on superior leadership, unquestioned integrity, diverse expertise, respect for all people, teamwork and dedication to excellent performance. We need Security Guard staff that pride themselves on providing "Excellence in Service" and you could be a part of our future. To aid in providing "Excellence in Service", Securatex has built strong Reward Programs to recognize those that represent the highest level of commitment and dedication to our mission. Coupling these programs with our solid Benefit Programs backs up our commitment to our officers. We live by and stand behind our 43 General Rules, which govern our security guard service and our commitment to our clients. Under the direction of a supervisor, the Security Guard performs general security guard work to protect persons and property and to prevent losses due to accidents and incidents. Security Guards service institutional, industrial or commercial property against fire, theft, vandalism, and illegal entry. Duties may include operating a motor vehicle for people and supply transport; patrol buildings and grounds of site; watch for and report irregularities such as fire hazards; write incident reports; record data such as property damage; conduct pat downs; prohibiting unauthorized persons from entering; and warning violators of rule infractions.

Requirements:
PERC
20 hour security certificate
Must read, write and speak English
Must be able to do heavy foot patrol
Must pass criminal background and drug test
Associate Degree
Authorized to work for any employer in U.S.
CPI (certificate)
Previous hospital security preferred, will consider military


EEO/M//D/V High School Diploma/GED CPI
PERC
20 hour certificate Our Security Guard benefits are among the industry's best! As a valued Security Guard member of our team, the health and safety of you and your family is important to us!

With you in mind we offer some of the best benefits available throughout the industry. As part of your employment with Securatex we offer to our Security Guard employees who are eligible (after a measurement period) a complete benefit package ranging from Major Medical, Dental, Vision (pre-tax) and life insurance.

Vacation Eligibility:
All eligible regular full-time (after a measurement period) security guard employees shall be entitled to vacation pay based on their length of service to Securatex.

Holidays:
Securatex Security Guards receive a minimum of six standard paid holidays. Screening Requirements: Motor Vehicle, Drug Screen, Criminal Background Check, Credit Check, computer skills This is a Part-Time position
Loan Support Analyst

    
Professional Healthcare Representative, Vaccines -Miami Sout...


Cashier/Barista

You need to enable JavaScript to fill out an application Please enable Javascript in your browser and try again. For more information, please visit Activate Javascript and then refresh this page Join Our Team… Dineamic Group, the Chicago restaurant group behind Public House, Siena Tavern, Prime & Provisions, Barrio, Bar Siena, and
BomboBar which is now growing! We're currently looking to hire and expand our BomboBar team at our West Loop restaurant, Bar Siena. Candidates will have the opportunity to work alongside Top Chef Fabio Viviani in a fast-paced, lively and busy restaurant setting.  Company Background DineAmic Group is a hospitality development, management, consulting, and events company whose primary functions are to develop its own venues & concepts, and to consult with other hospitality related businesses on marketing, legal, and operational management. At DineAmic Group, we strive to produce innovative hospitality businesses and concepts by creating extraordinary experiences for our patrons with cutting edge concepts and mold breaking designs, while also pioneering and shaping the future of the industry.  Position Details… * Greet customers and take food + beverage orders; Educate guests on our products *Prepare all drink orders to company standards *Doughnut making & Gelato Scooping *Clean and stocks customer area *Operates a cash register and follows proper cash handling policies and procedures *Maintain a calm demeanor during periods of high volume to keep the store operating to standard  A great candidate for this position should have the following qualities: *Experience working in a café or coffee shop as a barista and cashier *Professional yet friendly approach to customer service *Great work ethic, energetic, and outgoing *Team player *Reliable *Must have open availability *Any POS/Micros experience helps  Stop by Monday through Friday, 2 to 4pm!  Dineamic Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status.  This job is open at the following locations:
HCM Business Analyst

HCM Business Analyst Natus is looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join their Oracle HCM Cloud support and project team. The primary responsibilities for this person is going to be to gather requirements, configure the system, guide developers, documentation, and testing. The best candidate should have hands on experience working on a HCM Cloud implementation projects. CORE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: ·     Analyze requirements and Develop Test Scenarios/Test Scripts. Use of HP ALM. ·     Configure and prototype system functionality in HCM Cloud (Oracle Fusion HCM and Oracle TBE Platform) ·     Perform Business Process Testing, Log and Resolve Defects ·     Perform Integration Testing, Managing Vendor interface testing validation and certification ·     Create Reports and Coach Business users on creating reports ·     Develop presentation materials and conduct presentations to HR Business partners and IT Leadership Participate in HR systems & modules implementation projects by providing support to requirement gathering and documentation, business process mapping and redesign, data conversions, system configurations, testing, deployment, training and system post go live stabilization Coordinate with business owners and other HRIS team members to develop future state HR Systems Road Map Identify opportunities for improving the effectiveness of processes, systems, and reports Quickly understand business needs and translate that understanding into a form that leads to the creation and/or composition of better process, organizational and/or technology solutions in line with best practices and standards Establish process performance measurements to be able to constantly monitor, control and report end-to-end process performance Other duties assigned as needed QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college/university in an appropriate field Five plus years’ business systems analyst, consulting, and/or project manager in an information technology environment Subject Matter expertise in the following areas- Hiring/On-boarding, Core HR, Payroll, Benefits, Compensation, Goals, Performance Management and Talent Management Demonstrated facilitation skills for capturing requirements Knowledge of the systems development lifecycle Effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Understands business/IT Integration principles Able to understand business functionality and translate it into application requirements Ability to quickly troubleshoot problems that may arise in HR work system products Specialization in Oracle HCM Cloud and other HR Cloud applications required.  Within Oracle HCM Cloud, experience with Performance, Goals and Compensation modules highly preferred
Talent Community

Join Our Talent Community!  At BPI, we are about building relationships and we want to build one with you.  We believe that with you we make things better.  The Talent Community is a great way for us to learn what makes you –YOU!  As part of setting up your profile we will ask a few questions that will give us an understanding of your interests and qualifications.  There is no right or wrong answer.  Just click the Apply Now button to join!  By joining our Talent Community you will stay up-to-date on new openings along with things that are happening at BPI!  Already a member of our Talent Community!   Don’t forget to keep your profile up to date.  This allows our recruiters to find you as new openings occur.  Also, at any time you find a position that is right for you, go ahead and submit an application to the position and a recruiter will be in touch. Explore opportunities in all of our functional areas: Accounting/Tax/Finance Operations Automation/Programming Purchasing Construction Quality Assurance Engineering Research and Development Human Resources Sales and Marketing Information Systems Safety Inventory Systems Engineering Machining and Fabrication Technical Services Maintenance Transportation  Warehouse  Equal Opportunity Employer/Vets/Disabled
Assistant Property Manager

When you join Hines, you will work alongside innovative leaders who set the standards responsible for our reputation as an industry leader today, and you’ll be a part of shaping our future in the years to come. As an Assistant Property Manager with Hines, you will provide day-to-day operations management of the property and maintain professional and courteous relationships with tenants and contractors. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:  Minimum Requirements include:   Hines is a privately owned global real estate investment firm founded in 1957 with a presence in 201 cities in 21 countries. Hines has approximately $100 billion of assets under management, including $54.5 billion for which Hines provides fiduciary investment management services, and $45.5 billion for which Hines provides third-party property-level services. The firm has 113 developments currently underway around the world. Historically, Hines has developed, redeveloped or acquired 1,262 properties, totaling over 414 million square feet. The firm’s current property and asset management portfolio includes 529 properties, representing over 213 million square feet. With extensive experience in investments across the risk spectrum and all property types, and a pioneering commitment to sustainability, Hines is one of the largest and most-respected real estate organizations in the world. Visit www.hines.com for more information.  We are an equal opportunity employer and support workforce diversity.  No calls or emails from third parties at this time please.
IT Support Technician

Job you are applying for: IT Support Technician at the following location(s): Corporate Headquarters - Corona, CA With over 90 locations and 1,400 employees, PRMG is one of the largest independently owned Mortgage Banks in the nation. We are well positioned to experience exponential growth in 2017 and many years to come. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our Information Technology department. This opportunity will allow you to work with a talented IT team while being groomed for advancement. Located in Corona, (15 and 91 intersection) daily commutes are a breeze. We are located less than 30 minutes away from some of California's most pristine beaches and mountains. If you are looking to join a talented IT team, then PRMG is the place for you! Apply now! Job Summary: Responsible for maintaining effective day-to-day operation of all in-house computer systems. Oversees the maintenance of FastTrac 360 database, credit and e-mail servers and secondary systems as needed. The duties for the an IT Support Technician II include, but are not limited to, those described below. Essential Job Functions:  Confidentiality: Maintains high level of confidentiality.  Training: Suggests training ideas for users based upon information acquired when resolving support requests. Trains users on system changes; and provides telephone support to system users.  Communication: Keeps all users well informed of system changes, enhancements and problems areas.  Equipment: Uses such office equipment as telephone, computer terminals, copiers and FAX machines.  Physical: Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision and depth perception. Sits and stands for extended time periods. Hearing within normal ranges. Required to use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools and controls. Stoops, kneels, crouches, crawls, climbs and balances during the installation, storage and distribution of equipment and supplies. Regularly lifts and/or moves up to 50 pounds. Responsibilities:  Performs duties assigned/applicable to Incident Tracking and Management System including but not limited to:  Accessing common ticketing and management system identifying and addressing support needs associated with IT support and FasTrac Level I user requests  Password reset  Accept and log serve requests  Resolution of low level issues directly escalating other higher level issues to IT or FastTrac 360 group  Acts as a resource for both FastTrac 360 and IT team  Develops and maintains user documentation, as directed.  Maintains an adequate level of knowledge of operating system and application software being used to provide high-level support to users.  Installs workstations and printers on the LAN according to schedule or as requested, ensuring that cables are labeled and documented for future reference.  Participates in team meetings, providing input and suggestions.  Notifies maintenance vendor when equipment requires repair and keeps records of work as directed.  Ensures efficient and economical utilization of equipment and resources. Provides for safekeeping of equipment and supplies.  Records and mails warranties as needed on equipment.  Assists in moving PC equipment to different locations.  Utilizes technology to provide staff with a fast, accurate and secure method of gaining access to information so they can service the customer in the fastest and most efficient manner possible. Experience:  One year of experience in computer-related field, preferably to include user support responsibilities. Skills:  Performs dial-in maintenance on system when required.  Analyzes data elements required for forms, screens and calculation changes; analyzes regulatory changes and their impact on forms and other system functions.  Able to handle detailed assignments.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  Organizational skills necessary in prioritizing workload. Education:  High school diploma or equivalent Travel:  None Paramount Residential Mortgage Group, Inc. (PRMG) provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, PRMG complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Paramount Residential Mortgage Group, Inc. uses PeopleMatter to make the application process simple.
Business Office Assistant

It has been determined that you are currently running a "Popup Blocker". In order to continue, please allow this site from within your "Popup Blocker" preferences. Under the direction of clinic management, performs functions related to business activities including but not limited to, patient appointments, registration, billing functions, medical record management, cash collections, phone communications and office maintenance.  Must be willing to travel between healthcare centers as needed for emergency coverage and/or promoting efficient operations.  High School diploma; clinical setting experience of 12 months preferred; computer experience of 12 months consisting of billing and/or personal PC preferred.   Are you a current Beaumont Health employee?
Note: If you are a current volunteer at Beaumont or a part of a Beaumont student program, please click "No" to complete the full application.
Warehouse Associate, Dock- Allentown

Responsible for receiving incoming shipments and maintaining the storage area by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Receives incoming shipments and compares product to appropriate information recorded on computer system, purchase orders and receiving documents.* (40%)  Examines shipments for discrepancies in quantity and description, and reports problems to management in a timely manner.* (10%)  Accepts, verifies and processes customer store returns.* (10%)  Loads product for LTL pickups, hot shot orders, and customer pickups and completes appropriate paperwork.* (10%)  Performs data entry to update computerized inventory with information such as part numbers and/or part description.* (10%)  Assists in warehouse activities by pulling hot shot orders and store pick lists throughout the day.* (10%)  Adheres to all company policies and procedures paying special attention to health and/or safety procedures.*  Maintains front dock areas in a clean, orderly and safe manner.*  Performs other related duties as assigned.
Associate Project Manager - Vertical Assets Deployment Team

All jobs → Associate Project Manager - Vertical Assets Deployment Team New York, United States · Deployment Starry is looking for an Assistant Project Manager to join the Vertical Assets Deployment team. You will support the team’s assigned projects as well as the following tasks: correspondence, tracking project deliverables, dates and monitoring deadlines, and providing regular and timely reports highlighting variances as they arise. You can be based in either Boston or New York but our ideal candidate is willing to travel 20%.   Who You Are:  What You’ll Do:  Experience and Skills Required:  We work hard, so we take care of each other and try to enjoy ourselves along the way. We have:  Happy Interneting! Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Starry, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law. Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States. Use your Indeed resume
to apply for this job Starry, Inc. does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
Intermediate Level Drafter/Designer

Please enter a valid email. Unfortunately, our network is not responding. Please try again later. Your job alert was successfully created. Orbital ATK’s Missile Products Group is currently seeking an experienced Intermediate Level Drafter/Designer (Design Technician) for our Design Modeling Group in our Rocket Center, WV office. Job Responsibilities: As a Mechanical Drafter/Designer your responsibilities will be to model fully defined components and assemblies efficiently using Siemens NX11 managed with Teamcenter UA, and create/revise parametric drawings in conformance with ASME modeling and drawing standards. You will work with various engineering disciplines to accomplish assigned tasks.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Required Skills: With annual revenues in of nearly $4.5 billion, over 12,000 employees, and operations in about 20 states, Orbital ATK is a company on the move. Our mission is to ensure that our customers accomplish their mission — whether it’s a technological breakthrough, a satellite launch, or protecting our nation. The company is the world’s leading supplier of solid rocket motors, a leading provider of launch vehicles, satellites and other space systems, and the nation’s largest manufacturer of ammunition.  United in pride and shared goals, Orbital ATK employees come from diverse backgrounds and work together to deliver reliable, innovative and affordable solutions. Work with the best and unleash your potential. If you are a dynamic, successful, driven professional, Orbital ATK is the company that will further your experience and career growth. We offer a highly competitive salary, comprehensive benefits including, medical, dental, 401k, tuition reimbursement, and much more. Orbital ATK is applying entrepreneurial thinking and commercial practices to deliver reliable, innovative and affordable products and services to our customers and grow our core areas while harnessing new technologies that will take our products and your ideas into the future. When encouraged to think beyond the ordinary, you’ll be amazed at what you can do! We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D    © 2018 Orbital ATK Inc. - All Rights Reserved. Orbital ATK is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or accommodations while seeking employment please email careers@OrbitalATK.com or call the accommodations hotline at 952-351-3000. Please note that this email address and hotline are for accommodation purposes only. Orbital ATK will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.
Sales Associate/Cashier

Come join our fun team! We are located in Palmdale. No experience required and will train the right person! 60 hours bi-weekly. Please email your information. Must hire someone as soon as possible! ***DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DONT HAVE A OPEN SCHEDULE** MUST BE WILLING TO START ASAP**** Interviews conducted Monday 1/15/2018 Job Type: Part-time Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Metro PCS Authorized Dealer. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})(); We know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. So when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect. With over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. And because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy. These salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision. Is this your job listing? Send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.
Thermal Engineer, Intern

Please limit to 3 applications.
People Ops Associate

The information on this website does not constitute an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. Further, none of the information contained on this website is a recommendation to invest in any securities. Currently, Upstart Network can sell the securities it issues only to accredited investors on a confidential basis at their request for consideration. All loans are made by Cross River Bank, an FDIC insured New Jersey state chartered commercial bank. Copyright © 2012 - 2018 Upstart Network, Inc. All rights reserved. 2 Circle Star Way, San Carlos, CA 94070
APDA SECURITY OFFICER

The Covenant companies would like to encourage you to review our available opportunities. We are known leaders and innovators in the security industry as we protect and defend U.S. Government and corporate interests throughout the world. It is Covenant's goal to provide a positive environment that leads to the professional and personal growth of our team. It is our belief that our employees are the key to our success and are the company's greatest assets. If you would like to become part of this winning team, we invite you to review our available opportunities. As a participant of the “Warriors to Work” program, Covenant actively recruits highly qualified service members whose military careers have ended prematurely due to injury. Additional information and resources can be found at the “Warriors to Work” website at www.woundedwarriorproject.org. Covenant Security Services (CSS), is a national provider of quality security officers. At Covenant, we invest in our people to pay dividends to our clients. Covenant's goal is to provide a positive environment that leads to the professional and personal growth of our team. Our competitive wages, excellent benefits, progressive training, and career advancement and incentive programs are aimed at maintaining skilled, happy and successful long-term security professionals. Security Officers perform many tasks throughout their shifts; these tasks include providing day-to-day support of entry control, facility patrol and emergency management. Essential Functions: Security officers may be asked to perform many essential functions at the client’s location. This is a not a complete list, these are a few of the essential functions: • Routine vehicle and/or foot patrol of facility and parking lot • Monitor the facility for conditions that may create security concerns or safety hazards • Answering phones, greeting visitors and employees • Prepare reports as required and provide assistance to visitors and employees in a courteous and professional manner. • Monitor CCTV systems and alarms. • Respond to emergency situations and contact the proper authorities • Flexible to changes and adapts well to different situations. • Become familiar with site-specific manual and post orders • Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications:• Must have high school diploma or GED • Must be at least 18 years of age or older as required by contractual requirements • Must have a valid driver’s license • Must have or be able to obtain and maintain any applicable state licensing requirements for Security Officers. • Previous contract security, military or law enforcement experience is helpful • Able to work in a team or independent • Effective oral and written communication skills • Neat and professional appearance • Friendly and professional demeanor • Ability to provide quality customer service • Ability to assess and handle typical and crisis situations quickly and effectively at client’s site. Covenant Security Services is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disabled/Veteran. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment drug testing.
Product Analyst Intern

Product Analyst Intern
Houston, TX Position Description:
As a Product Analyst Intern with Reynolds and Reynolds you will work as a member of the New Product Design Team. The New Product Design team is responsible for all aspects of product management within Reynolds. Your primary duties will include working within user-based software creating and updating icons; this can require working with Axure, a software prototype designed to assist in online prototyping without coding. You may also be assigned various projects within the documentation team such as updating the help messages found in Reynolds online software used by clients and internal associates. If you are tech-oriented and enjoy working with software prototypes then this internship is for you!
Delivery Driver/Courier - St. Louis, MO

  1st Choice Courier & Distribution is looking for ambitious and energetic Independent Contractor Drivers for General Commodity Routes. We have openings for Cargo Vans, Dock Highs, and Sprinters and have an immediate need for multiple Box Truck Drivers do to client expansion.

1st Choice Courier & Distribution has been operating since 1989. We pride ourselves on providing top of the line regional transportation and logistics solutions for shippers delivering to Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, and Eastern Kansas.   You must have one of these vehicles to apply. Benefits Requirements With regards to pay, your pay earnings will strictly depend on how well you know the area and how many deliveries you can make in a day. The more deliveries you do the more money you make.

As an Owner Operator you are responsible for all expenses. This includes fuel, vehicle repairs, taxes, insurance and any additional equipment necessary to complete the deliveries.   Choose: Please Answer ALL Questions Below Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Operations Manager-Treasury (Unclassifie...

Last Updated: 2010-01-20 Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
900 E. Broad St. | Richmond, VA 23219 | Map it | (804)646-7000
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Mayor Dwight C. Jones | © 2010 City of Richmond
Program Assistant 3


Account Manager - Entry Level & Full Time

medical Account Manager - Entry Level & Full Time 818 Global Inc is seeking business minded individuals to train and develop through our firm's Management Training Program. Over the course of 10-12 months of an individual beginning in our company, we provide renowned marketing and sales training, extensive support and leadership development from key executives within the company. Our focus is to cross train our Management Trainees from working first hand in customer retention and acquisition, to overseeing a marketing campaign and branch office location on behalf of our client and outside of Jersey. Our company believes that strength comes from organic growth, meaning we will never hire anyone directly into management. Every manager, assistant manager, human resources manager, and trainer started at the entry level position within our company. Since we promote 100% internally, based on merit, we provide all new hires equal opportunity to advance through the Management Program. Minimum qualifications Preferred qualifications You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Punch Out Technician

Job Summary Needed EXPERIENCED punch carpenters for construction industry. We need efficient and reliable individuals who strive for perfection. ‘Production and custom home building as well as commercial work. Must have reliable truck/van and tools. Hablamos Espanol. 8 years experience a must. Responsibilities and Duties Remodeling and repair work completed clean and correct. Punch out houses for closings. Door and window install. Framing and concrete. Trim and drywall work Qualifications and Skills 8 years experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: $16.00 to $22.00 /hour Job Location: Required education: Required experience: Required language: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to CRS of The Carolinas.com. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
FL- Lot Attendant (Orlando)

  Lanier Parking Solutions has an immediate need for high energy Lot Attendants for our Orlando, FL area operations. These exciting positions are for the right person who believes in exceptional customer service and professionalism, but wants to make extra money all the while having fun!  Enthusiasm and a passion for customer service are the key attributes that we are looking for in a Lanier Lot Attendant as you will be the first level of interaction with our guests. Some of the responsibilities could be (but also not limited to): directing traffic, enforcing parking regulations, answering guests’ questions, collecting money from guests, etc.

These position pay $8.25/hr and schedules could vary anytime between Sunday and Saturday so flexibility is a MUST!  Employee must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations.  To become an integral part of the Lanier Parking team you will need:   If you are an exceptional person looking for a new challenge, we are looking forward to receiving your application!  Please note, Lanier will only consider those applicants who complete the online application in its entirety.

An Equal Opportunity Employer   Choose: Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Electronic Systems Technician


Back End Development Internship

EEO IS THE LAW  MetroStar Systems invites any employee and/or applicant to review the Company’s Affirmative Action Plan.  This plan is available for inspection upon request by emailing metrostarhr@metrostarsystems.com.
Freight Unload Associate, Sunday to Thursday, 7 pm to 11 pm

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   Lowe’s has many unique workspaces across the globe. Check some out! Lowe's has been named a recipient of the 2016 Freedom Award, given to employers who show exceptional support for National Guard and Reservist employee See the way’s Lowe’s Heroes employee volunteers give back to the communities they call home. Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
Order Taker/Prescriptions


Distribution Center Supervisor


Late Night Staff

Starting Wage:  $11.50+ per hour depending on qualifications
Hours: Part Time up to 25 hours per week Provides supervision, leadership and motivation for teens in the Late Nite Program.  Provides a quality experience to participants focused on YMCA core values: honesty, respect, responsibility, and caring.  Represents the YMCA and self in a professional manner of safety and fun. Key Responsibilities
Essential Functions:
• Promote a positive environment that fosters fun, safety and our YMCA values.
• Treat every participant fairly and equally regardless of circumstances and abilities, making each feel good about themselves and encouraging a fun environment.
• Accentuate positive attributes nurturing the whole; physically, mentally, socially, and emotionally.  Give praise for effort.
• Encourage member and parent involvement and identify potential volunteers.
• Maintain good public relations with members and always represent the best interests of the YMCA.
• Arrive with ample time to report to position at the scheduled time.
• Be responsible and fulfill your commitments to scheduled shifts.  Notify a supervisor personally and in a timely manner if you are unable to meet your commitment.  This includes illness and extenuating circumstances.
• Participate in staff meetings as required.
• Participate in trainings as required.
• Assume other responsibilities as mutually agreed upon with a supervisor.
Late Nite Staff:
• Monitor facility and ensure a safe, positive and fun environment.  Confidently and tactfully enforce YMCA policies.
• Organize activities as needed. Assist other staff as necessary.
• Provide instruction for correct and proper use of activity equipment when needed. Teach and demonstrate in a positive manner.
• Possess the knowledge and skills needed to instruct in program activities.
• Assist participants with questions, comments or concerns about the Late Nite program.
Safety:
• Dress according to YMCA dress code, having on the appropriate shirt and nametag.  Dress in appropriate athletic attire.
• Double-check the clothing safety of all participants for jewelry, gum, and clothing violations that can result in injury.
• Know the location of the first aid kit, nearest phone, and incident reports.  Current certifications in CPR and First Aid preferred.
• Follow all YMCA policies, rules, regulations and procedures, including emergency and safety procedures. Complete incident and accident reports as necessary.
• Ensure emergency procedures are followed, and notify supervisor of any incidents, accidents, and behavior concerns immediately.
• Organize and put away needed equipment.  Report damaged equipment.
Ambassador:
• Understand our YMCA’s mission, goals, objectives and programs to relay that information to inquiring families and participants.
• Understand the financial assistance given to members comes from our Annual Campaign.  Assist staff in helping to identify those individuals that may be interested in serving as a campaigner for and a donor to these efforts.
• Convey information on Late Nite programs and schedules and as appropriate refers members and participants to other programs.
Additional duties:
• Model our YMCA values through fun, positive relationships with staff and members. Seek every opportunity to encourage, motivate and thank fellow staff members for their work.
• Be enthusiastic toward members and staff by learning their names and expressing an interest in their YMCA activities. Strive to enrich their YMCA experience by introducing them to new programs, staff, members and volunteer activities.
• Incorporate “Caring, Honesty, Respect, Responsibility” into all aspects of the position, to ensure YMCA values are being integrated into our culture and programs.
• Maintain a consistent professional image through dress, actions and relationships with others. Speak enthusiastically on behalf of the YMCA at given opportunities.
• Participate in applicable training and conferences to further professional growth as outlined in annual training plans. Qualifications
• Minimum age of 18 years.
• High school graduate or equivalent.
• Positive attitude and previous experience with youth aged 13 to 20.
• The ability to implement the activity program.
• The ability to demonstrate a friendly, courteous and professional manner while working with members, parents and staff and the ability to understand, articulate and enforce YMCA policies and procedures in a positive way.
• Knowledge and skills in program activities and related equipment, and the ability to instruct participants in techniques.
• Required trainings within 90 days, Child Abuse Prevention training within 60.
• Certifications preferred: CPR, AED and Basic First Aid.
Physical Demands:
• Ability to plan, lead and participate in program activities.
• Ability to lift equipment. » See all jobs at this location
Delta Airlines - Wheelchair Agent PALM BEACH

How can we Make Travel Easier?” That is the question Bags Inc. has repeatedly asked and answered since the company began in 1990. Easing travelers’ burdens the past 20-plus years has fueled the growth of Bags Inc., an innovative, nationwide provider of travel and hospitality services, with operations in more than 250 U.S. cities. Our employees proudly provide first class service to all major airlines and cruise lines as well as renowned resorts, hotel chains, conventions centers, and rental car facilities across the country. From convenient luggage delivery and airline check-in to premier parking and guest service for the hospitality industries, we combine innovative offerings with Bags First Class service to provide hassle free and efficient arrivals and departure services for individuals and companies alike. At Bags Inc., we know your career is an investment in your future. As we continue to grow, our employees benefit by growing with us. Our diverse team is full of opportunities to develop yourself while being part of a dynamic work environment. Bags Inc. is looking for driven, ambitious professionals eager to advance their career. Our mission is to provide the Greatest Customer Service Ever, and for that we need the greatest employees ever. Jump start your career with Bags, Inc. today, and help us to make travel easier. A Wheelchair Attendant is located at an airport facility and provides passengers traveling in wheelchairs with additional assistance. Their responsibilities include pushing passengers in a wheelchair to or from their departure or arrival gate, assisting passengers with moving luggage to their vehicles, taxi stands, parking shuttle stations, and rental car stations. Wheelchair Attendants must maintain a friendly and positive attitude and always be attentive to each passenger’s individual needs.


Job Requirements  Appearance Guidelines:


Women   Men
First Shift Inventory Control Clerk

About Sun Commodities, Inc. This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic team as the Inventory Control Clerk. We are looking for an individual who possess the ability to thrive in a fast paced work environment. Sun Commodities is a privately held company. We are one of the main players in the wholesale of produce in the State of Florida. Sun distributes produce locally, internationally and services the cruise industry. The position is responsible for applying basic inventory principles and procedures in analyzing operational processes. The main objective is to assist in assuring that our inventory is accurate. Job Responsibilities include but not limited to:
• Assist in daily and weekly audits and counts
• Data entry in the completion of information obtained from inventory counts
• Ensure that proper reporting deadlines are met
• Work with other operations departments in researching problems or any other inventory related issues.
• Assist the Inventory Supervisor as needed
• Supervised by Inventory Supervisor
• Performs routine duties where some judgment is required with a designated level of independence. Work is performed under defined and uniform procedures, when established.
• Equipment: Reasonable care and operation of standard office equipment such as workstation.
• Software and Files: High level of responsibility in data maintenance. Proper procedures will minimize the risk of data loss which translates to loss of income due to operation ceasing.
• Reporting: Failure to report major procedural problems may result in loss of profit. Some loss is possible, but exercise of somewhat more than ordinary care can prevent loss.
• Business Contacts: Responsible for maintaining good employee relations. Contacts with personnel including Managers and Supervisors. Minimum Requirements:
High School degree or equivalent
• Previous warehouse/inventory experience is preferred
• Data entry skills required
• Must be able to work in cold environments
• knowledge of audit reporting and documentation is preferred
• Able to operate warehouse equipment such as Forklifts is a must Key Competencies
• Attention to detail and accuracy
• Planning and organizing
• Strong communication skills
• Information and task monitoring
• Problem analysis
• Judgment and problem-solving
• Stress tolerance You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Seasonal Overnight Stocker- Sun-Thurs- 9pm to 6am (Central P...

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Position Description Responsible for distributing and stocking merchandise throughout the store including caring for store equipment and cleaning hazardous materials spills. Also responsible for providing excellent customer service by greeting customers and assisting customers in locating, selecting, demonstrating, and loading of merchandise. Job Requirements Requires late evening, night-time, and early morning availability any day of the week. Physical ability to move large, bulky and/or heavy merchandise. Physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties. Minimum Qualifications Ability to read, write, and perform basic arithmetic (addition, subtraction). Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience operating forklift/power equipment such as lifts, order pickers, and similar equipment. 6 months experience in a warehouse performing inventory handling and stocking.   Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   Lowe’s is committed to making business choices that have the least negative impact on the environment. Lowe's has been named a recipient of the 2016 Freedom Award, given to employers who show exceptional support for National Guard and Reservist employee Learn how Low’s is working to make life better in the places our customers and employees call home. Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
Truck Transportation Coordinator

COMPANY OVERVIEW: Our client is a leading independent producer of high-quality, specialty hydrocarbon products. The product lines include both naphthenic and paraffinic oils, aliphatic solvents, synthetic lubricants, asphalt, fuels, white mineral oils, waxes, petrolatum's and hydrocarbon gels. The company is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana with locations throughout the United States. They are a company that is in the process of upgrading systems, equipment, and processes to do things better, smarter, and to meet customer demand. They are seeking those who see change and continuous improvement as a rewarding challenge.  Those who thrive with this company are those who can take initiative, analyze problems, see the opportunities, and then organize resources to provide solutions'no matter if you are a customer service representative helping our customers or you work with IT infrastructure.  PURPOSE AND ROLE: The Truck Transportation Coordinator provides domestic truck rates to inside and outside customers upon request. This position will also assist the Corporate Transportation Manager as needed. The Truck Coordinator is part of a team that maintains Calumet databases and SAP software as well as working within the US Bank system to assure accurate freight payments to our carriers.  The Truck Transportation Coordinator responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Requirements and Experience: If you are someone who enjoys challenge and variety and who would like to be a driving force in defining solutions which will provide a definite social value, please apply by sending resume to lita@performantsolutions.com You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Office Worker - Xenia Community Schools

Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Position Summary: The Office Worker is responsible for assisting management with administrative tasks including, but not limited to, ordering, data entry, filing, etc. The Office Worker will be required to interact with customers, visitors, and employees in a professional and courteous manner. Essential functions and responsibilities of the position may vary by Aramark location based on client requirements and business needs.  Essential Functions: Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
Member Services Rep 1

Starting Wage:  $11.50+ per hour depending on qualifications
Hours: Part Time up to 25 hours per week Delivers excellent service to all members, guests, and program participants in a safe, enjoyable, and positive environment focused on YMCA core values: honesty, respect, responsibility, and caring. Greets people as they enter the building, responds to member and guest needs, promotes and provides up-to-date information on memberships and programs. Represents the YMCA and self in a professional manner of safety and fun. Key Responsibilities
Essential Functions:
• Promote a positive environment that fosters fun, safety and our YMCA values.
• Encourage member involvement and identify potential volunteers.
• Maintain good public relations with members and always represent the best interests of the YMCA.
• Arrive with ample time to report to position at the scheduled time.
• Be responsible and fulfill your commitments to scheduled shifts.  Notify a supervisor personally and in a timely manner if you are unable to meet your commitment.  This includes illness and extenuating circumstances.
• Ensure accurate and timely records of your working hours so that accurate payment can be made to you.
• Participate in staff meetings as required.
• Participate in trainings as required.
• Assist other staff as needed. Participate in special events as necessary.
• Assume other responsibilities as mutually agreed upon with a supervisor.
Membership Responsibilities:
• Provide excellent service to members, guests, and program participants in the branch and on the phone, contributing to member retention.
• Greet and assist all members, potential members and staff in a courteous, professional and friendly manner.  Be enthusiastic towards members by learning their names and expressing an interest in their YMCA activities.  Strive to enrich their YMCA experience by introducing them to new programs, staff, members and volunteer activities.
• Build relationships with members; help members connect with one another and to the YMCA.
• Follow identification requirements and guest guidelines.  Process new member ID cards, issue guest passes and register members for programs and services, as needed.
• Provide tours of the facility to potential members when needed, following standard practices for touring and selling.
• Respond to members' needs.  Contact appropriate personnel when necessary.  Handle complaints in a courteous manner.  Use appropriate forms to communicate concerns or praise.
• Handles and resolves membership concerns and informs supervisor of unusual situations or unresolved issues.
• Schedule court reservations, provide rental equipment and sell YMCA merchandise.  Maintain an accurate inventory and record of daily transactions.
• Provide accurate membership information and requirements in the absence of membership staff.
• Open or close facility as scheduled.  Follow written procedures for opening/closing.
• Applies all YMCA policies dealing with member services.
Health Seeker Connectivity:
• Understand and actively practice our commitment to the Health Seeker by serving, building relationships, and connecting with members who struggle to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
• Understand and actively practice Listen First techniques with a willingness to strategically listen and obtain relevant information to create an individualized experience for every member.
Safety:
• Maintain a working knowledge of the emergency procedures and act as the control center during emergency situations.
• Dress according to YMCA dress code, having on the appropriate shirt and nametag.
• Know the location of the first aid kit, nearest phone, and incident reports.  Current certification in CPR and First Aid preferred.
• Follow all YMCA policies, rules, regulations and procedures, including emergency and safety procedures. Complete incident and accident reports as necessary.
• Ensure emergency procedures are followed, and notify supervisor of any incidents and accidents immediately.
Ambassador:
• Understand our YMCA’s mission, goals, objectives and programs to relay that information to inquiring families and participants.
• Understand the financial assistance given to members comes from our Annual Campaign.  Assist in identifying those individuals that may be interested in serving as a campaigner for and a donor to these efforts and.
• Convey information on programs and schedules and as appropriate refer members.
Additional duties:
• Model our YMCA values through fun, positive relationships with staff and members. Seek every opportunity to encourage, motivate and thank fellow staff members for their work.
• Be enthusiastic toward members and staff by learning their names and expressing an interest in their YMCA activities. Strive to enrich their YMCA experience by introducing them to new programs, staff, members and volunteer activities.
• Incorporate “Caring, Honesty, Respect, Responsibility” into all aspects of the position, to ensure YMCA values are being integrated into our culture and programs.
• Maintain a consistent professional image through dress, actions and relationships with others. Speak enthusiastically on behalf of the YMCA at given opportunities.
• Participate in applicable training and conferences to further professional growth as outlined in annual training plans. Qualifications
• Previous customer service, sales or related experience strongly preferred.
• Working knowledge of computers, office equipment, and cash handling.
• Demonstrated skills in customer service, public relations, and organization.
• Ability to connect with people of diverse backgrounds.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills.
•  Commit to obtaining YMCA required trainings including Child Abuse Prevention training (within 60 days) and Blood borne Pathogen Training (within 90 days).
• Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
• The ability to demonstrate a friendly, courteous and professional manner while working with members and staff and the ability to understand, articulate, and enforce YMCA policies and procedures in a positive way. » See all jobs at this location
Management Consultant

Management Consulting Phoenix, Arizona  For over 30 years, DeWolff, Boberg & Associates (DB&A) has provided management consulting services to a variety of clients worldwide. At DB&A, we focus on our clients’ existing people, processes and culture to help them achieve dramatic improvements in productivity, quality, service and profitability. DB&A drives a culture of accountability at the top level of management and ownership of results on the front lines so that companies win every day. Our team consists of highly competitive individuals. We are passionate about potential and relentless for results. We value hard work, new ideas, transparency, accountability and integrity. Armed with training in our proven methodology and the knowledge gained as previous managers, the primary responsibility for Management Consultants is to work side by side, “on the floor”, coaching frontline supervisors in behavioral changes that drive performance and financial improvements. Our consultants are exposed to a variety of industries and Fortune 500 companies around the globe. This position requires 100% domestic travel - fly out Sunday, fly home Friday, year-round. Consultants have the ability to advance their careers through a unique performance-driven career track. We focus on implementation and transformational change and deliver value by: Candidates must have: Benefits: The Equal Employment Opportunity Policy of DeWolff, Boberg & Associates is to provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all job applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. DB&A hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.

DB&A believes that all employees should be provided with a working environment which enables each team member to be productive and to work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We expect and require the cooperation of all employees in maintaining a discrimination and harassment-free atmosphere.   
Field Service Representative (FSR-OCONUS)


COMMUNICATIONS OPERATOR (1/16/18)

+myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about.    View more information... Karen 9 points disneymom 5 points Stacey F. 5 points View your community’s facilities and features online with the new Facilities Module.  52 
Court Interpreter

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.   A Status Benefits (Full-time)
Choices Benefit Plan - Benefits may be purchased using a tax free monthly benefits allowance between $757.46 - $1,632.60 (based on number enrolled in medical coverage). If the monthly cost of the benefits selected is less than the monthly allowance, the employee receives the difference as additional taxable pay. Medical, dental, disability, life and AD&D insurance, and health and dependent care spending accounts are available in Choices.  For further information click here.

Deferred Compensation Plan (457) - Optional tax-deferred income plan that includes a County match of up to 4% of employee's salary.

Vacation - All permanent and other designated categories of employees are eligible to earn paid vacation based on years of service. Vacation is based on continuous service and credited at the completion of each consecutive six-month period of employment.

Sick leave - Depending on the length of service and employment categories, up to one day of full pay per month of service is accrued monthly for qualifying service.

Holidays - 13 days per year.

Bereavement leave.

Retirement Plan - A retirement plan is provided to full-time employees.

If the candidate is a "new member" of the County's defined benefit plan (LACERA) on or after January 1, 2013, that person's pension will be limited under the Public Employees Pension Reform Act (PEPRA).  For these purposes, a "new member" is someone who first becomes a member of LACERA on or after January 1, 2013 - that is, someone first employed by the County on or after December 1, 2012 - unless she or he established reciprocity with another public retirement system in which she or he was a member before January 1, 2013.  For further information, visit lacera.com.

The Commuter Benefit Plan (CBP) - Allows employees to pay for eligible public transit expenses using pre-tax dollars (up to IRS limits).

C Status Benefits (Part-time)
Vacation - All permanent and other designated categories of employees are eligible to earn paid vacation based on years of service. Vacation is based on continuous service and credited at the completion of each consecutive six-month period of employment. Sick leave - Depending on the length of service and employment categories, up to one day of full pay per month of service is accrued monthly for qualifying service.

C Status employees work on part time basis and are eligible to participate in the County of Los Angeles Pension Savings Plan, a retirement and investment plan for part-time, temporary and seasonal employees who are not eligible to participate in the retirement programs provided through the Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Association (LACERA).

F Status Benefits (As-Needed)
F Status employees work on an hourly basis and are eligible to participate in the County of Los Angeles Pension Savings Plan, a retirement and investment plan for part-time, temporary and seasonal employees who are not eligible to participate in the retirement programs provided through the Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Association (LACERA).


The information contained herein concerning the benefit package available to incumbents in this classification is based on an employee's appointment to a full-time, permanent position in the Court service in this class.  The specific benefit package any individual employee may receive is subject to change based on that employee's particular employment status and payroll title. Required Question
Manager Health And Safety

Dana is a global leader in the supply of highly engineered driveline, sealing, and thermal-management technologies that improve the efficiency and performance of vehicles with both conventional and alternative-energy powertrains. Serving three primary markets – passenger vehicle, commercial truck, and off-highway equipment – Dana provides the world's original-equipment manufacturers and the aftermarket with local product and service support through a network of nearly 100 engineering, manufacturing, and distribution facilities.  Dana Corporation is a world leader in the supply of axles; driveshafts; structural, sealing, and thermal-management products; and genuine services parts. The company’s customer base includes virtually every major vehicle manufacturer in the global automotive, commercial vehicle, and off- highway marker. Based in Maumee, Ohio, the company employs approximately 25,500 people in 26 countries and reported 2008 sales of $8.1 Billion.

Dana Corporation is seeking to fill the position of Health & Safety Manager in Fort Wayne, IN.

Responsibilities:
• Manage an overall risk based health & safety (H&S) program. Develop annual H&S business plans identifying functional activities, training, machine guarding, ergonomic and other H&S improvements needed with action plans and target implementation dates. Identify historical loss experience and statistical improvement goals for both short and long term measurement. Integrate an H&S culture within all operations and at all levels of shop floor and management teams. Liaison with Corporate H&S personnel to make certain that all necessary H&S protocols are implemented at the site level.
• Develop and formalize processes to assure proper H&S provisions are incorporated into all jobs performed at the facility, employing techniques of job safety and safe job procedures. • Develop and implement an accident and near miss investigation process. Ensure OSHA record keeping is being completed. Track first aid cases, accidents and lost time accidents, and near misses to determine injury trends and develop plans for improvement;
• Organize and conduct, where feasible, all necessary H&S training as required by regulatory law and Dana best practices. Utilize Corporate and other available resources to help with H&S training. Follow Company directives and guidelines for all H&S provisions including H&S training;
• Prepare an OSHA preparation and response program designed to train personnel on OSHA regulations and develop an OSHA response team should an OSHA inspector arrive at the facility. Develop an OSHA inspection program to be used as a training tool for the safety team and conduct on-site mock OSHA inspections.
• Develop an operational checklist regarding all OSHA requirements for 29 CFR General Industry 1910 and all Subparts to help assure that the facility meets regulatory requirements e.g. Lock/Out Tag/Out, Fall protection, specific machine guarding requirements, industrial hygiene issues, material handling and the use of material handling equipment like chains/hoists and cranes, fire protection, powered work platforms and powered industrial equipment e.g. forklifts and other lift trucks, life safety, hazardous materials, PPE, electrical, welding, toxic and hazardous substances, record keeping and other risk based H&S provisions as necessary to help assure a safe and healthy work environment;Set-up and chair a safety team on each shift. Safety teams should be trained on hazard analysis, regulatory compliance standards, machine guarding, ergonomics, accident investigation and other basic H&S matters pertaining to the facility H&S compliance and management (i.e. Lock/Out Tag/Out, etc.);Develop H&S suggestion programs and a facility H&S hot line for facility personnel regarding H&S concerns and questions;
• Develop a specific facility Emergency Response and Evacuation program with periodic evaluation drills to assure the program’s effectiveness;
• Develop a PPE program if needed;
• Develop, with HR, a standard form and process for ensuring accountability and enforcement of facility H&S protocol regarding safety violations and infractions of H&S methodologies, including disciplinary actions, documentation and follow-up procedures;
• Develop a program of early intervention with all new building additions and operations to assure that operations layout, life safety, machinery and equipment, safe job procedures etc. are set up in compliance with regulatory requirements and to minimize risk;
• Develop a contractor H&S program to assure that all contractors performing work on site follow established facility H&S requirements and that they follow and comply with OSHA requirements;
• Assist DRMS with the management of WC injuries by staying in touch with injured employees and by developing and managing an effective value added transitional return to work program;
• Get to know all essential job functions performed within the facility including the H&S requirements, maintain an active adherence to H&S requirements and develop systems as necessary to periodically review, evaluate and correct or add new H&S provisions as required.

Requirements:
• 10 or more years of experience managing Health & Safety, automotive manufacturing environment preferred.
• Previous experience in a union environment.
• Experience in worker’s compensation.
• Understanding of Lean Manufacturing.
• Ability to respond to safety emergencies during off-hours.

Education:
• Bachelors Degree in EH&S, Occupational Health or related field.
• CSP preferred. Other Related credentials a plus (e.g. CIH, OHST, ARM, ALCM, CPE).  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Accounts Payable Specialist

CORPORATE OVERVIEW As the world’s leading distributor of aerospace fasteners and consumables, KLX Aerospace Solutions ($1.3B in revenues) stocks more than 825,000 part numbers from over 2,300 suppliers. With over 40 locations worldwide serving airlines, OEMs, and military defense, KLX is the supplier of choice – delivering the right part at the right time in the right place. The KLX Aerospace Solutions group provides inventory management and replenishment, electronic data interchange, special packaging and bar coding, parts kitting, quality assurance testing, and purchasing assistance services; and creative and differential supply chain solutions, such as 3PL and 4PL programs.  SUMMARY Maintains records of business transactions, Performs accounting support duties  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES General Accounting  MINOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES  EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS  KLX Inc. is an EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
Internal Communication and Training Co-op Internship

 Summary: The Internal Communication and Training Intern will assist and participate in the day-to-day tasks/responsibilities of the Customer Relationship Manager which includes reviewing internal documents and assisting with tracking and organizing training packages, tracks and catalogs.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. All duties will be performed under the review/guidance of the Customer Relationship Manager.   Qualifications  Majors All majors accepted however, if working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management, Education, and or Training would be preferred.  Language Skills An individual must also have excellent communication in English both oral and written. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.I , A3800_268_0
Custodian 1

Position Title:  Custodian
Hiring Range:  $11.50+/hr depending on qualifications
Hours:   Part Time, up to 25 hours per week The YMCA of Pierce and Kitsap Counties is seeking a Custodian to perform the necessary functions and activities required to maintain a clean and pleasing appearance of the building. Represent the YMCA and self in a professional manner of safety and fun.  Provide a quality experience to campers & families focused on YMCA core values: honesty, respect, responsibility, and caring. Key Responsibilities • Promote a positive environment that fosters fun, safety and our YMCA values.
• Maintain good public relations with members and always represent the best interests of the YMCA.
• Arrive with ample time to report to position at the scheduled time.
• Be responsible and fulfill your commitments to scheduled shifts.  Notify a supervisor personally and in a timely manner if you are unable to meet your commitment.  This includes illness and extenuating circumstances.
• Participate in staff meetings as required.
• Participate in trainings as required.
• Assume other responsibilities as mutually agreed upon with a supervisor. Custodial Responsibilities
• Complete all duties as required by supervisor on weekly work assignment list and maintain upkeep of assigned area and equipment. Return list to supervisor at end of week with completed items checked off and informational notes; receive a new list at the start of shift at beginning of each week.
• Interior cleaning including, but not limited to, vacuuming carpets, cleaning windows, cleaning spills, sweeping or mopping floors, removing scuff marks from walls and floors, cleaning bathrooms and locker rooms, gum removal, dusting, odor control, and trash removal.
• Operate related motorized and non-motorized equipment.
• Replace soap, towels, and other supplies.
• Assist other departments and branches as needed for ongoing or special events.
• Make a note of requests by staff and members and report those to your supervisor, on work  assignment list. Record and report all needed repairs and additional cleaning needs on assignment list. Report to supervisor conditions that require an immediate response. Repair and clean as directed.
• Ensure YMCA building and property is secure during shift and report incidents and hazardous conditions to supervisor. Safety
• Follow all YMCA policies, rules, regulations and procedures, including emergency and safety procedures. Complete incident and accident reports as necessary.
• Double-check the clothing safety of all participants for jewelry, gum, and clothing violations that can result in injury.
• Double-check all equipment prior to activities. Alert maintenance if repairs are necessary.
• Know the location of the first aid kit, nearest phone, and incident reports.  Maintain current certification in CPR and First Aid for the duration of the season.
• Provide 1st aid and CPR if necessary and compliant with level of training.
• In an emergency, initiate the Emergency Management Plan and assume a lead role.
• Develop a working knowledge, and oversee compliance, of applicable ACA standards.
• Assist Camp Medic as needed and available.
• Ensure emergency procedures are followed, and notify supervisor of any incidents and accidents immediately.
• Maintain personal health (washing hands, getting enough sleep, healthy time off behavior, following Health Care Director/Doctor’s orders) and model positive health behaviors for campers.
• Manage stress and use positive techniques for reducing stress. To respond quickly and effectively to situations, including emergencies. Ambassador
• Understand our YMCA’s mission, goals, objectives and programs to relay that information to inquiring families and participants.
• Understand the financial assistance given to members comes from our Annual Campaign.  Assist staff in helping to identify those individuals that may be interested in serving as a campaigner for and a donor to these efforts.
• Convey information on programs and schedules and as appropriate refer members and participants to other programs. Additional Duties
• Model YMCA values (Honesty, Service, Forgiveness, Respect, Responsibility, Caring) in all aspects of work and personal conduct.
• Be enthusiastic toward members and staff – learn names and express an interest in them and their activities. Take opportunities to encourage, motivate and thank fellow staff for their work.
• Maintain a consistent professional image through dress, actions, and relationships with others. Speak enthusiastically on behalf of the YMCA at given opportunities.
• Participate in applicable training and conferences to further professional growth.   Minimum Qualifications • The ability to learn and practice the correct procedures and techniques used in cleaning the facility.
• The ability to learn and practice the safe and correct operation of the equipment assigned to perform the required tasks.
• Ability to read and interpret instructions, procedures, manuals, and other documents.
• Ability to report and record maintenance requests.
• Knowledge of cleaning methods and equipment.
• Basic understanding of the upkeep and care of equipment.
• Understanding of cleaning compounds and chemicals, and their safe, efficient use.
• YMCA required trainings including Child Abuse Prevention training (within 60 days) and Blood borne Pathogen Training (within 90 days).
• The ability to demonstrate a friendly, courteous and professional manner while working with members, parents and staff and the ability to understand, articulate, and enforce YMCA policies and procedures in a positive way.
• Physical Demands
• Sufficient physical strength and agility to carry out essential duties.
• Ability to lift equipment.
• Ability to erect and stand on ladders and platforms at heights up to 30 feet.
• Ability to work with paint, cleaning equipment, chemical compounds, solvents, cleaners, and solutions in dry, liquid, powder, spray, and aerosol forms.
• Ability to paint, clean equipment, and operate motorized equipment as needed.
• Ability to work in conditions that will create dirt and dust.
• Ability to perform essential maintenance to facility or equipment which may involve, but not limited to the following activities: semi – reaching to full-reach overhead; crouching; kneeling; shoveling; carrying, working in narrow and/or confining spaces: underground, overhead, and at ground level; twisting of the waist, shoulders, and legs; and lying on stomach and/or back. » See all jobs at this location
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Tec...

Last Updated: 2010-01-20 Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
900 E. Broad St. | Richmond, VA 23219 | Map it | (804)646-7000
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Mayor Dwight C. Jones | © 2010 City of Richmond
ODNI Competencies and Performance Specialist

Hours:  Full time (day) Location:  McLean, VA Required Clearance:  Active TS/SCI with polygraph Required Education:  High Diploma Responsibilities: Recommend improvements to and develop content for an IC-wide Competency Library for use throughout the lifecycle of human capital/talent management. This includes development of specialized competency models as well as periodic re-evaluation of competencies. Design and develop community resources (e.g., standards, training materials, etc.) for integrating the competencies into performance management, leadership development, training, career development, succession management, and workforce planning programs. Use focus groups, industry best practices, and implementation recommendations to fully operationalize competency library across the IC and conduct evaluations of existing or proposed human capital programs. Monitor, review and revise IC-wide performance management activities including applicable IC directives. Coordinate and facilitate communities of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda and content development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO. Required Qualifications: Demonstrated expertise in industrial organizational (IO) psychology, competency development, and performance management.Demonstrated senior level knowledge of the IC elements, understanding of the intelligence cycle, and familiarity with human capital disciplines. Demonstrated expertise in competency development, career development, and performance management and competency-based expertise as it applies across the entire spectrum of human capital life-cycle activities. Demonstrated professional resources (SHAM, Gartner, etc.) and knowledge of related efforts in the IC elements, federal government, and in the IO Psychology professional community. Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution with 13 years' experience in IO Psychology or an advanced degree from an accredited institution with 10 years' work experience in IO Psychology. About EICORP: EICORP is a leader intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; advanced cyber solutions; cloud and managed IT solutions; engineering, and information-based solutions for law enforcement and homeland security. We provide training and logistics in support of readiness operations; and operational support services and solutions in support of organizations not limited to DHS, DoD, and the Intelligence Community (IC). We hire mission enablers who reflect our communities and proactively embrace diversity and inclusion, to advance our corporate culture, develop our family of employees into the best they can be, and in turn grow our market share throughout the industry. EICORP is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.
Correctional Officer 1, Stafford Creek C...

   
Clintonville Giant Eagle Accepting Applications


Gahanna Giant Eagle Accepting Applications


Blacklick Giant Eagle Accepting Applications


Guest Service Team Member - Cashier

keyword location radius
radius
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles  Check out where you could be working if you apply. Get the latest job openings right in your inbox. View privacy statement. email Category Location Confirm Email   What’s it like to work here? We’re asked that a lot. Target respects and values the individuality of all team members and guests—and we have lots of fun in all that we do. ©2018 Target Brands, Inc. Target, the Bullseye Design and Bullseye Dog are trademarks of Target Brands, Inc.
Recruiter

The Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy (“PICI” or the “Parker Institute”) is a not-for-profit organization whose mission is to accelerate the development of immunological cures for cancer through innovative science, advanced technologies and new modes of research collaboration.  The Institute is based in San Francisco, California and officially launched in April 2016. To achieve its mission, PICI has established significant new cancer immunology research centers at six of the top cancer research and treatment institutions in the country (Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Stanford Medicine, the University of California, Los Angeles, the University of California, San Francisco, the University of Pennsylvania and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center), and will organize and support a portfolio of advanced, collaborative research efforts across this consortium.  Overview of the Role PICI is a young organization and still building our brand. We will look to the recruiter to continue to create our highly skilled and qualified team with high caliber candidates and give the utmost attention necessary to each candidate coming through our hiring process,  ensuring our strong reputation continues to grow. The recruiter is responsible for crafting custom outreach emails and building a rich external talent pipeline directly linked to crucial roles/critical skills given from the Hiring Manager as well as ensuring successful conversion of talent pipeline prospects into active candidates and then hires. This position has the option to be a contract or internal role, in a full time or part time capacity.  Reporting Structure and Team The Recruiter reports to the VP of Business Operations, works closely with the Director of HR, and will be a key member of the Business Operations department.  Essential Job Functions  Knowledge, Skills, and Experience 
Assistant Store Manager

Apply now  Apply now Send to yourself or a friend Barnes & Noble is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals, as well as other protected groups. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  Contact (800) 799-5335. Terms of Use, Copyright, and Privacy Policy  © 1997-2017 Barnes & Noble Booksellers, Inc. 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011
Proposal Writer- Proposal Coordinator


Part Time Seasonal

         ©2014 | 42 W. Madison St., Chicago, IL 60602 Chicago Public Schools
Engineering Process Technician, Gigafactory

The Role Tesla is looking for a highly motivated Engineering Process Technician to: Working closely with battery manufacturing engineers, he/she will play a key role in reducing cost on Model 3, Powerwall & Powerpack products by decreasing process cycle time, increasing process control, equipment uptime, process first-pass yield and process mean time between failures. The battery module is one of the most complex and challenging subsystems in Tesla’s product line. As a result, battery development is at the heart of our company. This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to Tesla’s world-class manufacturing facilities in Nevada. Tesla is a demanding and fast-paced environment where you will work on a critical subsystem of incredibly exciting products. In addition to developing manufacturing process with manufacturing engineers, the Engineering Process Technician works with cross-functional teams throughout the entire lifecycle of the product. He/She also works closely with the Design Engineering, New Product Introduction, Quality, Production, and Maintenance teams. Responsibilities Carrying-out experiments under the direction of Engineers to develop & optimize manufacturing processes including, but not limited to: Daily tasks may include: The ideal candidate takes pride in his/her hands-on work, analytical ability, organizational skills and attention to detail. He/She appreciates an environment where superior work is encouraged, noticed and rewarded and where individuals carry tremendous responsibility. He/She looks forward to learning an incredible amount on the job. Qualifications Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Driver (part time) - MAR

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes After School Driver. The After School Driver, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for providing transportation services for youth using company bus in a safe manner. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: transport youth from target schools to branch sites; effectively maintain the highest level of safety; abide by all traffic laws and driving rules; only transport youth who are approved to ride the bus; speak with school personnel; ensure safety of all youth; safety checks of the company bus; positive behavior management of youth; build relationships; and be a positive role model. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship.

This is an academic year position only. No summer hours.

Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Experience with youth (professional or volunteer)


Qualifications include:
Candidates must be able to work regular program hours. Regular program hours are afterschool and evenings during the academic year (pre-arranged schedule based on school pickup needs). This is an academic year position, there are no summer hours. Candidates should also have the positive role model; ability to be patient with youth; ability to take initiative and work with limited supervision; ability to follow instructions; ability to operate vehicle in a safe and responsible manner; knowledge of safe driving practices and methods; knowledgeable of traffic and highway safety rules, regulations, and laws; and must be dependable and punctual. Candidates must be able to pass agency background screens and drug screen at any time. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties. The position is open until filled

Pay for the position is $10.


How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d&AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keyword: drive, driver, currier, youth, kids, education, social work, part time, part-time, van driver, transportation, sociology, social service, kinesiology.
Activity Leader (part time) - MMS

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader 6. The Activity Leader 6, under direct supervision of the School Site Branch Director, is responsible for providing activities and services throughout the academic year at a Middle School. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: plan and implement activities in all core areas, build relationships, be a positive role model, safely transport youth using BGC bus, complete data tracking and reporting, and prepare youth for success in their future. At the site, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship

This is an academic year position only. There are no summer hours.


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 6 months experience working with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:00pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable
Activity Leader (part time) - FLOAT

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader. The Activity Leader, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for assisting at assigned sites in various areas of the club to help youth reach their full potential. Position will travel to various sites to fill in where needed as assigned by supervisor. Position will travel to various sites to fill in where needed as assigned by supervisor. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: conduct programs and activities, build relationships, be a positive role model; and safety. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 1 year experience in the health and human services field to include work with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:30pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to work summer hours
o 37.5 hours per week during the day Monday - Friday
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, teen, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable,
Activity Leader (part time) - CAV

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader. The Activity Leader, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for assisting at assigned sites in various areas of the club to help youth reach their full potential. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: conduct programs and activities, build relationships, be a positive role model; and safety. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 6 months experience working with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:30pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to work summer hours
o 37.5 hours per week during the day Monday - Friday
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, teen, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable, after school, direct care, youth development
Activity Leader (part time) - MAR

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader. The Activity Leader, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for assisting at assigned sites in various areas of the club to help youth reach their full potential. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: conduct programs and activities, build relationships, be a positive role model; and safety. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 6 months experience working with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:30pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to work summer hours
o 37.5 hours per week during the day Monday - Friday
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, teen, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable, charity, charitable, after school, direct care, youth development
Activity Leader (part time) Panther

  The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader. The Activity Leader, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for assisting at assigned sites in various areas of the club to help youth reach their full potential. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: conduct programs and activities, build relationships, be a positive role model; and safety. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 6 months experience working with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:30pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to work summer hours
o 37.5 hours per week during the day Monday - Friday
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, teen, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable, charity, charitable, after school, direct care, youth development
Activity Leader (part time) - ES

The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Fort Worth is currently accepting resumes for Activity Leader. The Activity Leader, under direct supervision of the Branch Director, is responsible for assisting at assigned sites in various areas of the club to help youth reach their full potential. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: conduct programs and activities, build relationships, be a positive role model; and safety. At the branches, youth receive targeted services in a safe, supportive environment from staff who believe in the organization’s mission. The Club experience focuses on three priority outcomes: Academic Success, Healthy Lifestyles, and Positive Citizenship


Education and work experience requirements:
• High school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred
• Minimum 6 months experience working with youth


Qualifications include:
• Ability to work afternoons and evening
o Monday – Friday 2:30pm - 7:00pm
• Ability to work summer hours
o 37.5 hours per week during the day Monday - Friday
• Ability to be a positive role model
• Ability to establish rapport and build relationships
• Ability to relate to at-risk youth
• Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
• Must be able to obtain CPR and First Aid certification
• Must be able to pass any and all required background screens and drug screens at any time
• Position requires driving company vehicle. Candidates must have satisfactory driving record and a valid driver’s license for operation of a motor vehicle relevant to carrying out duties and to be covered under the company insurance the requirement is for employee to be a minimum of age 21.


Pay & Benefits
Pay: $10.00 per hour
Benefits: Paid Time Off (PTO) accrual

How to apply:
External applicants click here to start online application: https://jobs.ecipay.com/prod/net/EmpApp/SecureLogin.aspx?ID=UYTkiLwjCyWeX3SwieCsdA%3d%3d

Internal applicants please use the internal application process through the Empower system


Keywords: arts, crafts, education, sports, health, fitness, physical education, PE, recreation, teen, fun, safe, social services, youth, kids, children, teen, part time, college, social work, sociology, kinesiology, biology, psychology, non profit, not for profit, charity, charitable, after school, direct care, youth development
Technical Support Specialist III

 Welcome! Thanks for creating an account.   SUMMARY

This is complex technical, administrative, and engineering support work.
Positions allocated to this classification report to a designated supervisor and work under limited supervision.  Work in this class is distinguished by its lack of direct supervisory responsibilities and by its lead-worker and technical and administrative duties.


EXAMPLES OF WORK*

* This section of the job description is not intended to be a comprehensive list of duties and responsibilities of the position. The omission of a specific job function does not absolve an employee from being required to perform additional tasks incidental to or inherent in the job.  Performance of lower level duties may be required.


ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS


Depending on area of assignment:


Assists degreed engineers in preparing long and short-range master plan studies.

Designs and prepares plans, specifications, and cost estimates for changes, additions, and deletions to engineering projects in accordance with standard procedures and methods established for the area of assignment.  Prepares supporting documents related to engineering surveys and projects.

Prepares technical modifications to existing drawings, maps, and documents.  Prepares "as built" drawings on new and established services or facilities.  Prepares detailed finished design drawings.

Prepares construction drawings, sketches, cost estimates, and work orders and works with customers, contractors, and developers on facilities' plans.

Reviews private development and/or city plans for conformance to codes and standards; monitors developer extensions to completion; works to insure that standards are met before city or utility acceptance through coordination with others.

Conducts field inspections of construction work and ensures projects are in compliance with all standards and regulations established for the project.

Prepares field surveys and notes regarding customer/citizen property, equipment and facilities.

Monitors and documents new construction progress, in writing and photographically.

Assembles and correlates data and prepares routine reports needed for operations control.

Develops and maintains databases for drawings, manuals, records, and photos.  Prepares appropriate reports from database.

Provides administrative and technical support on construction, maintenance, and repair projects.

Verifies information and permits for utility, public works, and transportation service applications and responds to related public inquiries.

Responds to reports of pollutants; investigates, identifies and traces to source.  Assists in coordinating clean up.

Coordinates activities with contractors, city departments and state and federal regulatory agencies.

Responds to public inquiries on projects and provides technical information to other agencies.

Provides technical and training assistance for lower level Technical Support Specialists.

Maintains currency in work processes and procedures, computer software and hardware, and other tools used in the routine accomplishment of work tasks.

Attends work on a continuous and regular basis.


NON-ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS


Depending on area of assignment:


Assist department staff and other departments in special projects as assigned.

Assists with annual budget preparation.

Performs data mapping, complex data extraction and analysis.

Coordinates drawing transmittal/receipt from outside engineering firms and contractors.

Assembles electronically produced bid packages for department.

Performs other related duties as assigned.


QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job function satisfactorily.  Below are the required education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the essential functions.


EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Associate degree from an accredited college or university or vocational degree with major course work in a technical or engineering specialty relevant to the needs of the hiring department, and four (4) years of engineering tech or other technical experience relevant to the needs of the department that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities,

or Graduation from high school or possession of an acceptable equivalency diploma, and six (6) years of engineering tech or other technical experience relevant to the needs of the department that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities,

or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities.


CERTIFICATIONS OR LICENSES

Valid Florida Driver License required.


KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES


Depending on area of assignment:


Through knowledge of mathematics through trigonometry and its application to engineering computations.

Extensive knowledge and associated skills used with Computer Aided Design (CAD) software, equipment and materials, and ability to produce professional quality finished engineering drawings, sketches, and charts. Specific software may vary depending on area of assignment.

Knowledge of rules, regulations, policies, and procedures applicable to utilities, public works, and/or transportation.

Knowledge of federal, state and local laws, codes, ordinances and standards incidental to municipal and utility engineering and development.

Knowledge of real property, legal descriptions, and right-of-way acquisitions.

Knowledge of construction standards and specifications, methods and materials used to construct and operate electric, water, or wastewater utility systems, stormwater systems, and roads and highways.

Working knowledge of Geographic Information and Mapping Systems (GIS) as it is utilized within assigned division or department.

Working knowledge of databases, spreadsheets, word processing and computer utilities and operating systems.

Ability to perform complex technical engineering computations, analyze technical data, and complete technical assignments.

Ability to interpret and utilize legal descriptions in routine completion of work.

Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.

Ability to establish and maintain effective work relationships with superiors, subordinates, contractors, engineers, property owners and the general public.


PHYSICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must possess certain physical abilities and be able to withstand work related environmental conditions.


PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS


Depending on area of assignment:


Work may require physical strength, agility and dexterity to safely perform all essential job functions including the ability to lift, carry, push, or pull 50 pounds without assistance and to stand, kneel and stoop.

Ability to climb and descend stairs and ladders.

Must communicate orally, see physical surroundings, listen, hear others, respond to oral commands, and demonstrate good communication skills.

Must be able to perform sedentary work on an uninterrupted basis.

On call work outside of business hours is required.


WORK ENVIRONMENT


Depending on area of assignment:


Work may require exposure to hazardous conditions and noxious chemicals.

Work may require performance of duties in extreme heat and confined areas.

Work may require performance of tasks outdoors under varying climatic conditions
Work is performed in an office environment with moderate noise levels.

May be required to attend designated training either on-the-job or course-work.

FLSA Exemption Status : Non Exempt
Approved 2/10/2016 To learn more about benefits offered from the City of Gainesville / Gainesville Regional Utilities, please visit our benefits page at:

http://www.cityofgainesville.org/Portals/0/risk/Benefits/2017%20Benefit%20Booklet.pdf Required Question
Assistant Food Editor (Freelance)

Tastemade is a global community of food lovers & travelers! Who are we? Would you consider yourself a food & travel lover? Do you get excited about bringing people together over a great meal? Does the idea of working at a company that is changing the way the world makes, watches and engages with video make you giddy? If you answered yes to all of these questions, then keep reading! Tastemade is a global community of food lovers & travelers on a mission to connect the world through video. In just a few years our community has grown to over 200 million people watching our videos across a huge range of channels, devices and apps, from the web to Apple TV, Facebook, and Snapchat. We are looking for passionate people who want to change the world and make a difference.  People that are driven to disrupt the status quo and not looking for just another job.  We're currently looking to hire a Freelance Assistant Food Editor. Specific Duties  Requirements Please provide a portfolio or any examples of work, i.e written recipes, photo/videos of styled recipes, etc. *Please Note: This position will be filled on a day-rate basis with potential to turn into a longer-term opportunity. 
DevOps Consultant

 Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
Peer Support Specialist

SouthLight Healthcare (www.southlight.org) offers comprehensive services in recovery from addictions and mental health through an integrated healthcare model. We are driven not simply to offer services but to create and count the number of persons who achieve significant human gain with our help. SouthLight Healthcare is seeking Part Time Peer Support Specialists for our Community Intervention and Crisis Services Division. Working as part of a Community Support Team, the Peer Support Specialist works in the community with adult MH/SA clients to teach, model and support the skills and coping mechanisms for ongoing treatment and recovery. Job Responsibilities:
• Assist clients with self-determination and decision-making
• Teach functional skills (managing meds, finances, health care, resources, daily living, etc)
• Model recovery values, attitudes, beliefs, and personal action to encourage wellness
• Teach and promote self-advocacy and empower clients to use their legal rights
• Provide linkage to community resources
• Provide case management services
• Participate in team meetings
• Maintain and submit required documentation (treatment plans, service notes, service authorization requests, etc.) Job Requirements: If you are looking for a way to grow in your career, we invite you to submit a cover letter including salary requirement and your resume via our online application. Visit www.southlight.org under Careers to apply. SouthLight offers competitive pay and professional development opportunities. Equal Opportunity Employer You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.
Marketing Coordinator


Emerging Technology Researcher

At Newell Brands, our purpose is to make life better every day for hundreds of millions of consumers where they live, learn, work, and play. Our ambition is to build a winning team that aspires to—and achieves—industry leadership. For Newell XO, this means developing and executing a technology enabled vision for the future of our products. We're focused on growing our ability to conduct thorough research on emerging technologies and the latest trends in the space.  That's where you come in - In this role you will have ownership of our team's advanced technology research capabilities. Leveraging your experience to quickly build and implement a research process that will help us better understand emerging technology trends, lead research and verify new technologies to experiment with for the future creation of connected Newell consumer products. Responsibilities: The ideal candidate has: Individuals seeking employment at XO by Newell Brands are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Automotive Wholesale Title Clerk


Medical Records Field Tech

925 North Point Parkway
Suite 350
Alpharetta, GA 30005 (800) 367-1500
Email 15458 North 28th Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85053 (877) 442-4140 1030 Ontario Road
Green Bay, WI 54311 (800) 236-3355 Locations in all 50 states © var d = new Date(); document.write(d.getFullYear()); CIOX Health  |  Privacy Policy
Water Customer Services Supervisor II

The City of Phoenix seeks an energetic and enthusiastic individual to fill the role of Water Customer Services Supervisor II in the fast-paced environment of the Customer Services Division of the Water Services Department. This Supervisor II provides leadership, support, and direction to Supervisor I’s and staff within the Customer Services Administration Office. Must demonstrate the ability to continuously improve operations, streamline work processes, successfully plan the work of employees, lead, coach, and evaluate team members and subordinate supervisors, collect, evaluate, and analyze data and develop quality control procedures with accountability measures. Duties include writing professional reports, letters, and memos to customers, city staff, and management, meeting with customers, contractors, etc., to resolve problems including those referred by executive leadership. Work involves proactively analyzing operational abnormalities and/or problems, recommending, coordinating, and implementing solutions. Water Customer Services Supervisor II's
are responsible for managing Supervisor I’s and employees who staff the division’s administrative offices that include billing operations, a call center, and pay stations where employees provide general account information to the public, resolve customer issues, take a high volume of calls from the public, establish new water accounts, research and adjust customer bills, and collect payments (including cash handling). Additional duties involve handling payroll, budgets, discipline, personnel reviews, and the training & development of staff. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment closes January 29, 2018.  All materials must be received by 11:59 p.m. on this date. SALARY $49,338 - $73,653 annually. Appointments can be made above the minimum depending upon qualifications. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO.  For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/007.pdf JOB
REQUIREMENTS PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS – The job requirements listed above, plus: HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER
AND
RESUME,
PLUS
ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN
ONE
ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW REFERENCE Water Customer Service Sup II, JC: 50270, ID#25696  01/14/18, CH, Benefits Code:  007, Q City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply. 
Store Manager In Training - $50,000/year - Minneapolis, Minn...

Job Summary:
The Store Manager in Training (SMIT) is a developmental position where individuals are trained and prepared to assume the role of a permanent Store Manager.  Regular travel and ability to relocate is required.  The SMIT will be trained on total store (four-wall) accountabilities and the day-to-day and long-term operations and financial requirements of a retail flooring business with an emphasis on delivering consistently positive results.  The SMIT will partner with the Regional Manager (RM) and, as assigned, the Store Manager (SM) in leading and directing a team of store associates and for providing general oversight of all functional areas of the store, including driving sales, overall store financial performance, and execution of company initiatives, staffing, inventory control, and compliance with company standards. The SMIT will help manage the standards and expectations for all aspects of the store, but will often delegate tasks or operational activities to others and will supervise, inspect, train, and/or coach associates in order to accomplish all store sales, service and operational goals.  Job Title:                                              Store Manager in Training (SMIT) Department:                                         Store Operations Reports To:                                          Store Manager/Regional Manager Job Status:                                           Exempt Budget Managed ($):                            Up to $15 million  Position Qualifications: High school diploma, GED equivalency, or suitable work experience in a managerial position sufficient to demonstrate high school level retail math and English skills Five to eight years of related sales/retail/customer service experience; minimum of three years of direct managerial experience (leading teams and/or managing associates) Experience recruiting, assessing, selecting and developing associates, preferably in a retail environment Must possess a valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Basic Microsoft Office skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook) Experience with Point of Sale (POS), SAP, and payroll and scheduling systems, preferred Outstanding telephone skills Ability to drive/operate a forklift required (forklift certification required prior to operating equipment) Constant (more than 50% of the time) standing, walking, and hand/finger dexterity Frequent (between 33% -50% of the time) lifting & carrying up to 20 lbs.; pushing & pulling – up to 15 lbs. Occasional (up to 33% of the time) sitting, reaching, using ladder to climb, squatting, kneeling, bending, and twisting; lifting & carrying up to 80 lbs.; pushing & pulling up to 80 lbs. Vision (Near, Distance, Color, Peripheral, Depth Perception)  General Work Schedule: The SMIT assignment may require extensive travel and at the end of the assignment, individuals must be willing and able to minimally relocate within the region to which they are assigned. In general, a SMIT’s work week consists of 5 days within the same work week.  SMITs routinely work up to fifty (50), and sometimes more, hours per week based on business, staffing and customer needs.  SMITs are expected to be regularly involved in store opening and/or closing as well as working some Sundays, evenings and holidays as required by business needs.  Regular travel may be required. Periodically, SMITs may find it necessary to arrange their schedule to fill store staffing gaps due to associate absences, scheduled Paid Time-Off, special/promotional events or other business demands. Work Environment: SMITs generally work in a retail sales and warehouse environment that involves the use of office equipment, such as computers and telephones, machinery/mechanical equipment, ladders and heavy equipment (forklift). Some exposure to moderate noise, outdoor elements (heat and cold) and airborne particles. 2 – 15 hourly associates supervised.  The Company has reviewed this position summary to ensure that a description of the basic expectations, required qualifications and physical requirements have been included. It is intended to provide guidelines for job expectations and the employee's ability to perform the position described. It is not intended to be construed as the job description which provides a more detailed list of essential functions, responsibilities, skills and abilities. Additional functions and requirements may be assigned by supervisors as deemed appropriate. This document does not represent a contract of employment, and does not change the “at-will” relationship.  Lumber Liquidators reserves the right to change this position summary, the job description and/or assign tasks for the employee to perform, as the Company may deem appropriate.  Contact the Human Resources department (HR) with any questions. Lumber Liquidators is an Equal Opportunity employer of qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age (40 and over), disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law.  Lumber Liquidators also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of the protected categories.  Lumber Liquidators also complies with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.

If you need assistance or to request a reasonable accommodation due to a disability related to the search for employment opportunities or to complete an application, please contact us at
recruiting@lumberliquidators.com
or by telephone at 866-713-6588.

Lumber Liquidators is a smoke-free, tobacco-free work environment. In accordance with applicable state and local law, smoking is allowed only in designated smoking areas.
Cashier - Part Time


Truancy Mentor

40 hours/week Clinical Full Time This position implements a truancy prevention and intervention evidence based practice delivered in partnership with local schools, community agencies and parents/families. The Mentor's primary goal is to keep education a salient issue for disengaged students, families and the student's teachers. Flexible work schedule which includes availability for some evenings and weekends. Must be able to work independently. This position is for Steelton Highspire. EOE. Benefits: Harrisburg, PA $14.50/hour Apply Now Back To Previous Page Hours
40 hours/week Job Type
Clinical
Collection Support Clerk

Provide quality customer service, information regarding products, and assistance to external and/or internal customers. Education: High School Diploma or GED is required  Experience: No experience necessary  Computer Experience: Must be able to type quickly and accurately, use a mouse effectively, and have a basic understanding of Windows-based operating systems.  Skills & Abilities:  All job offers are contingent upon completion of drug and background checks.  GC Services is an equal opportunity employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet Application Assistance
GC Services is committed to equal employment opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. If you are interested in applying for employment with GC Services and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please call Human Resources at 713-777-4441 or email Human Resources with your request. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis. Software Powered by iCIMS
www.icims.com
3rd Shift Stock Clerk Pentagon Row

       © 2017 Harris Teeter, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
International Drive - Valet Dispatcher

Dispatchers must be able to maintain an organized and professional work environment in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment.  The dispatcher will be required to accept and process valet fees, answer multiple inquiries simultaneously, coordinate the parking and retrieving of guest vehicles while keeping track of all keys.  R
equirements:  Appearance Guidelines Women Men
Surgical Development Coordinator/Surgical PA

It has been determined that you are currently running a "Popup Blocker". In order to continue, please allow this site from within your "Popup Blocker" preferences.  Are you sure you want to continue as a EXTERNAL applicant? Are you sure you want to continue as a INTERNAL applicant?
Food Service Worker

 Nutritional Services Temporary Varied Shift 1.0; 80 HRS/PP; 8 hour varied shift 7360 Contact: Gretchen Cablayan
Email: GretchenCablayan@Verity.org Previous experience required  Verity Health System offers a dynamic environment for individuals dedicated to careers in healthcare -- whether you seek a clinical or administrative role.  Created in December 2015, the new Verity Health System team is working to revitalize our facilities to create a more welcoming, healing environment for our patients.  We are investing in new technology to advance our delivery of safe, quality patient care.  If you welcome the challenge of re-inventing healthcare for the patients we serve at our Verity Health hospitals and through our Verity Medical Foundation, this could be the opportunity for you.  With more than 8,000 employees and physicians, Verity Health is a non-profit, non-religious health care system with 1,650 inpatient beds, six active emergency rooms and host of medical specialties including:  orthopedics, transplant surgery, cardiology, maternal/child health and wound care, among other specialties.  We are committed to the Verity Values of Caring, Respect, Integrity, Passion and Stewardship and the goal of serving our communities for generations to come. GENERAL PURPOSE:  Prepare foods for consumption by patients, cafeteria, or catering.  Maintains Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (HACCP) principles in the preparation and storage of all foods.    MAJOR JOB OBJECTIVES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:              REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Education/Certification:    Work Experience:   Knowledge / Skills / Abilities:       Position Manager v10.7.14
© 2018 HealthcareSource HR, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use Are you a current employee of Verity Health Systems? Are you sure you want to continue as an INTERNAL applicant?
Teller PT (Montvale)

Careers and job opportunities from human resources HR at Valley National Bank
.ctl00_ctl00_MasterHeaderMenu_0 { background-color:white;visibility:hidden;display:none;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterHeaderMenu_1 { text-decoration:none; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterHeaderMenu_2 { } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterMainMenu_0 { background-color:white;visibility:hidden;display:none;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterMainMenu_1 { text-decoration:none; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterMainMenu_2 { } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterMenu_0 { background-color:white;visibility:hidden;display:none;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterMenu_1 { text-decoration:none; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterMenu_2 { } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterSubMenu_0 { background-color:white;visibility:hidden;display:none;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterSubMenu_1 { text-decoration:none; } .ctl00_ctl00_MasterFooterSubMenu_2 { }
#taleoContent { padding: 0px; margin: 0px; margin-top: 15px; border: none; font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; line-height: normal; letter-spacing: normal; text-align: left; text-decoration: none; text-indent: 0px; text-shadow: none; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; word-spacing: normal; } #taleoContent td, #taleoContent th { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; line-height: normal; letter-spacing: normal; text-align: left; text-decoration: none; text-indent: 0px; text-shadow: none; text-transform: none; word-spacing: normal; } #taleoContent textarea { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; height: auto; width: auto; } #taleoContent textfield { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; height: auto; width: auto; } #taleoContent select { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; height: auto; width: auto; } #taleoContent input { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 11px; font-size-adjust: none; font-style: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-weight: normal; font-variant: normal; height: auto; width: auto; } Location:                  Montvale City and State:         Montvale, NJ Hours:                      Tues,Wed, Fri 11:30am-4:30pm, Thurs 11:30am-5:30pm, Sat 8:30am-12:30pm, occ Sun 9:30am-2:30pm Requisition ID:         5608 Position Type:          Part time Salary Grade:           N12  A Teller manages a fund of cash and provides excellent customer service to customers while performing a variety of transactions. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Required Skills: Required Experience: Valley National Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Global Training Intern (May 2018)

Email us: support@accolo.com Call us: 877.422.2656 ext 3 It’s not about just finding a job. It’s about finding a home for the experiences, skills, and passions you bring to your work – a place where other people share your aspirations. From our welcoming, collaborative culture to ample opportunities for growth, you’ll find plenty of reasons to invent your future with Panduit. We take great pride in our University Relations Program and great care in selecting individuals who are a part of it. By taking the important step of becoming a part of our team, you will join engineers, researchers, and innovators who create winning technology and give us the edge to lead in a highly competitive marketplace. Intern with our Global Training Group in Tinley Park, Illinois. Projects you will be working on include: Preferred Major: Instructional Design, Instructional Technology, Interactive Media Design, Training and Development, Technical Training Academic Exposure:  Learning Methodologies, eLearning and Instructor-led Training development; Storyline 2; Camtasia; Adobe CC; other authoring and Graphic Design software Required Skills: Accuracy/Attention to Detail, Language/Grammar Skills, Creativity, Initiative, Results Focused, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving Since 1955, Panduit has offered end-to-end industrial, electrical, and network infrastructure solutions that deliver best-in-class network performance with superior quality, operational efficiency, and easy installation. Innovative infrastructure offerings from Panduit – from the known and trusted network cables to design plans that maximize data center investment – affect day-to-day operations and profitability, and become the foundation for successful, connected, future-ready businesses. With a robust partner ecosystem, global staff, and unmatched service and support, Panduit is a valuable and trusted advisor and provider, helping companies around the globe solve infrastructure challenges. For more information, visit www.panduit.com.
Proposal Writer / Coordinator


Customer Service Temp


IT Business Analyst I

The IT Business Analyst I is responsible for defining, improving, and implementing business processes related to the operation of Ameren systems.  Strong analytical skills are required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer’s business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. Must be able to manage multiple priorities with a high incidence of changing requirements, meet very aggressive deadlines and demanding work schedules, and manage large workloads. Key responsibilities include: Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited University in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Mathematics or Business Administration is required.  Consideration may be given to candidates with extensive related experience (3 or more years) as a business analyst performing a broad array of business analyst's competencies, without the academic requirement.  One or more year of experience working with IT related systems/projects preferred. Business Analyst experience is preferred.  One or more years of experience in a customer service oriented and/or IT related field preferred.  One or more years of experience working with the System Development Life Cycle, Waterfall, Iterative or Agile methodology preferred.  One or more years of experience in an analytical role preferred.  One or more years working with the Microsoft Office tools required.  Thorough PC/computer skills and knowledge required. In addition to the above qualifications, the successful candidate will demonstrate: Creative self-starter with strong interpersonal skills - able to work effectively as a team. Excellent oral and written communication skills required. Proven analytical skills, ability to synthesize unstructured information to support decision-making, well-organized and applies robust time-management skills. Knowledge of Business Process Modeling & Redesign concepts and experience preferred. Continuous Improvement skills and knowledge preferred (i.e., ITSM, ITIL, Six Sigma, Lean, other). Certification IIBA (International institute of Business Analysis) CBAP or equivalent preferred. Additional Information Ameren’s selection process includes a series of interviews and may include candidate testing and/or an individual aptitude or skill-based assessment.  Specific details will be provided to qualified candidates. * Salary dependent upon individual credentials and position market pay level. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,
disability or protected veteran status.
Payroll Auditor (Temp to Perm)

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Payroll Auditor (Temp to Perm) REPORTS TO: Sr. Payroll Manager BUSINESS/LOCATION: New York & Company- Finance OVERVIEW: The individual must possess a good attitude toward working with others and must also maintain flexibility and prove able to handle frequent changes in practice and environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: None QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION:
Engineering Technician, Gigafactory

Responsibilities: The ideal candidate is recognized as a great collaborator and takes pride in his/her hands-on work, craftsmanship, organizational skills and attention to detail. He/She appreciates an environment where superior work is encouraged, noticed and rewarded and where individuals carry tremendous responsibility. He/She looks forward to learning an incredible amount on the job. Requirements: Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, manufacture, sell and service the world’s best solar technology, energy storage systems, and electric vehicles, providing customers the opportunity to generate, store and consume energy entirely sustainably. Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from around the world for any given discipline. Based in California, Tesla’s workforce spans across four continents. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can come to do their best work. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional philosophy of inter-disciplinary collaboration. Each member of the team is expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. We’re tackling the world’s most difficult and important problems—and we wouldn’t succeed without our shared passion for making the world a better place. Learn More About Tesla Tesla is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Tesla © 2018 About Elon Musk Privacy & Legal Contact Careers Forums Locations Sign Out ▾ 
Party Coordinator

All jobs → Party Coordinator Mount Prospect, Illinois, United States AT BALL FACTORY INDOOR PLAY & CAFE HAVING FUN BEGINS WITH YOU!  BALL FACTORY Indoor Play & Cafe is expanding. We are looking for two outgoing, enthusiastic, Party Coordinator's to join our team. One full time position and one part time position is available for our brand new location opening in February of 2018 in Mount Prospect, IL. Training for this position will occur at our Naperville location and then transferring over to work in our new location in Mount Prospect, IL. You must be able to come to Naperville IL, for the duration of your training.  In this customer service position the Event Party Coordinator will provide courteous, friendly, and professional assistance to customers either over the phone or in person. The Party Coordinator will work closely with the Operations Manager to ensure all expectations of each birthday party and/or group are met and accommodated. In this position paying particular attention to guest needs and wants is a must. The Party Coordinator needs to have the ability to become an expertise and will be extremely knowledgable of Ball Factory's POS booking system, general company information, and is responsible for the scheduling and booking of parties at Ball Factory Indoor Play & Cafe'. Open availability is a plus and weekends are required.  ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:   COMMENTS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty to the satisfaction of Ball Factory standards. EXPERIENCE, SKILLS PHYSICAL DEMANDS WORK ENVIRONMENT Employee Benefits are: BALL FACTORY Indoor Play & Cafe does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
Human Resources Representative I


Assembly Position

Operations Scottsburg, Indiana 3rd shift- Sunday thru Thursday
9:30pm-6am

JOB SUMMARY Assembles and/or fits together parts to form complete units or sub assemblies at a bench.  Has a complete working knowledge of the operation of all machines, equipment, measurement devices, and tooling within their assigned area. KEY FUNCTIONS ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS To have 20/40 correctable vision, capable of lifting 25 lbs. from floor to waist, full use of all digits, capable of standing and/or sitting for more than 90 minutes straight, and not suffering from any sensory deprivation and/or paralysis of the limbs.  REQUIREMENTS  Powered by Jobvite Join Our Talent Network Get notified about new jobs that match you, and let Samtec, Inc know you're interested!
Custodian - Full Time


Marketing Manager

Are you the type of individual that never meets a stranger? Do you take initiative and have the power of pursuation? We would like you to join our growing team! We hava been a certified master plumbing serving commercial and residential customers for over 25 years. We are seeking an individual with experience in appointment setting either over the phone or door to door. This position DOES NOT REQUIRE SELLING. You will simply set appointments for a free in-home water test. We are A+ Rated with the BBB, and treat our employees like family. Descriotion: Mon-Fri 2:00-8:00 Sat: 9:30-2:00 Sun: Off Pay: Base + Commision & Bonuses (Min $40,000/yr) This position will develop into a marketing team manager position. The right candidate will have a proven track record for successful appointment setting and/or building an appointment setting team. We will provide all the support and tools you need to be successful. Interviews will begin Jan 15 Job Type: Full-time Salary: $40,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year Required experience: Required shifts: » Apply Now Please review all application instructions before applying to Aberle Waterworks. (function(){var a=window.indeed; if(!a||!a.ia){ var b=window, c=document.location, e=document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0], f=/^https:\/\//.test(c.href), g=document.createElement("script"), h=document.getElementById("indeed-apply-js").attributes["data-indeed-apply-qs"], n=h&&h.value?h.value:""; b.indeed=b.indeed||{};b.indeed.ia=b.indeed.ia||{}; g.src=(f? "https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?https=1&iip=1&":"https://apply.indeed.com/indeedapply/env?iip=1&")+"ms="+ +new Date+(n?"&"+n:"");e.appendChild(g)};})();
Project Manager (UX) - Contractor

We are seeking a strong Project Manager to focus on project management, as well as tool & process improvements. This position will offer you the chance to work with User Experience and Software teams and Program Managers in managing key deliverables. If you are a fast learner with a positive attitude, structured and attention to details, come join us in redefining the way people experience the world through unique Mixed-Reality technologies. Individuals seeking employment at Magic Leap, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Communications Supervisor

EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Producer, VICE Digital

OVERVIEW VICE is currently seeking Producers for VICE Digital. The ideal candidate will be an established documentary/news/nonfiction producer with robust domestic
and
international experience and a proven track record of accomplishments. The candidate must have a clear understanding of the Vice brand and our style of storytelling. The Producer must have experience pitching ideas and carrying those through to completion, as well as accepting and excelling on assignments. Producer must be accountable to a budget and is responsible for factual and legal concerns in their own pieces. Producer must be comfortable working with a small team and training their AP for future success. Producer is required to be hands on at every step, from conception through pre-production and into post-production and delivery. An ideal candidate must be familiar with shooting on digital cine cameras, the ability to shoot b-cam and have knowledge of post production software and basic editing abilities. In your application, sample work/links are required as well as a resume and references. Please also include a brief cover letter and 3 specific pitches for stories that you could produce and that would work on our digital platforms. Due to the number of applicants we cannot respond to every application.  Duties:  Experience / Education Application consent for VICE U.S. By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below: VICE U.S. collects your personal data for the purposes of managing VICE U.S.’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, VICE U.S. may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment. VICE U.S. does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, VICE U.S. has international sites and VICE U.S. uses resources located throughout the world. VICE U.S. may from time to time also use third parties to act on VICE U.S.’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within VICE U.S. group of companies as well as to third parties acting on VICE U.S.’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided VICE U.S. with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.
Financial Relationship Consultant - Orlando


Scanner Operator I - Part-Time

Marketing Automation Platform
DISHWASHER (FULL-TIME) Charlotte Latin Job

Date: Jan 9, 2018 Location: CHARLOTTE, NC, US, 28277 Company: Compass Group    If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team.  At FLIK, our operating philosophy is centered on three essential factors: great food, great service and great people. A FLIK Family-Then & Now. Great Food and Great Service are only possible with Great People behind the scenes. FLIK’s steadfast dedication to the training and support of our associates continues to nourish our vision and growth. Dedication, diligence, operational excellence and hands-on expertise are FLIK trademarks – only achievable through the work of our team of professionals. We embark on a relationship with every FLIK associate that provides, demonstrates and cherishes growth, education and ongoing mentoring – today and every day.   Full time associates at FLIK are offered many fantastic benefits such as:  About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industry Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer.  At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. *Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).  Req ID: 134069 Nearest Major Market: Charlotte
Job Segment: Kitchen, Hospitality We noticed that you are already a member of Compass Group's Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed that you are already a member of Compass Group's Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Not you? We noticed you have accounts in Compass Group's "Talent Community" and "Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. We noticed you have accounts in Compass Group's "Talent Community" and "Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Create a new account now! Create © 2016 Compass Group North America
Anesthesiologist Assistant

Settings Position Summary: Under the medical direction and supervision of an anesthesiologist, the Anesthesiologist Assistant (AA) administers prescribed anesthesia to surgery patients, and gathers comprehensive patient data to assist in the preparation of patients’ anesthetic plan. Position Key Accountabilities: 1.  Under the direction and supervision of an anesthesiologist, the Anesthesia Assistant administers the prescribed anesthetic to patients in order to desensitize them to permit the performance of medical or surgical procedures.
2.  Obtains an extensive pre-anesthetic patient health history and performs pre-anesthetic physical examinations.  After consultation with the anesthesiologist, the AA may order pre-op evaluations and pre-medications.
3.  Establish multi-parameter monitoring prior to anesthesia or in other acute care settings.  Modalities include, but are not limited to, ASA Standard Monitors, arterial and venous catheters; may manipulate and interpret data from central venous, pulmonary artery, intracranial catheters and other monitors or devices.
4.  Performs initial CPR/ACLS in emergency situations until the supervising anesthesiologist is summoned.
5.  Utilizes advanced treatment modalities to effect Section 6, including but not limited to advanced airway interventions and intubation of the trachea; starting and adjusting doses of vascoactive infusions; administering vasoactive and anesthetic drugs; administering blood; and any other treatment modalities prescribed by the supervising anesthesiologist.
6.  Assists in the post-operative care of patients by managing post-op ventilator support and acute pain management in conjunction with existing protocols or the supervising anesthesiologist.
7.  May engage in teaching and research functions as deemed appropriate by the supervising anesthesiologist.
8.  Performs other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: Current National Commission for Certification of Anesthesia Assistants (NCCAA) certification.
Skilled in the use of state-of-the-art patient monitoring techniques in anesthesia care environments.  Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree and successful completion of a Commission Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) accredited, two-year Anesthesia Assistant program. Minimum Experience: None Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequently and/or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215 Established in 1972 by The University Board of Regents, The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) is Houston’s Health University and Texas’ resource for health care education, innovation, scientific discovery and excellence in patient care. The most comprehensive academic health center in the UT System and the U.S. Gulf Coast region, UTHealth is home to schools of biomedical informatics, biomedical schiences, dentistry, nursing and public health and the John P. and Kathrine G. McGovern Medical School.  UTHealth includes The University of Texas Harris County Psychiatric Center and a growing network of clinics throughout the region. The university’s primary teaching hospitals include Memorial Hermann – Texas Medical Center, Children’s Memorial Herman Hospital and Harris Health Lyndon b. Johnson Hospital. UTHealth offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package. For more information on our benefits programs please refer to the UTHealth Office of Benefits Website.  https://www.uth.edu/benefits/benefits-summary.htm UTHealth is committed to providing equal opportunity in all employment-related activities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, gender identity or expression, veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law or university policy. Reasonable accommodation, based on disability or religious observances, will be considered in accordance with applicable law and UTHealth policy. The University maintains affirmative action programs with respect to women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and eligible veterans in accordance with applicable law. Create and manage profiles for future opportunities. Track your opportunities. McGovern Medical School at UTHealth  Texas 📁 Advanced Care Providers Requisition #: 1800000I McGovern Medical School at UTHealth  Texas Medical Center-Houston, Texas 📁 Advanced Care Providers Requisition #: 170001FL McGovern Medical School at UTHealth  Texas Medical Center-Houston, Texas 📁 Advanced Care Providers Requisition #: 170001A3 © Copyright 2008-Present - The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth)
Technical Analyst, App Submissions

Magic Leap is looking for a Technical Analyst in our App Submissions team. This position will assist in developing and directing technical compliance testing procedures working with key stakeholders to ensure that all submissions meet the necessary requirements prior to release. Required Preferred Individuals seeking employment at Magic Leap, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Account Manager - Software sales

The Company: Our client is a rapidly growing cloud software company in the Portland area. The culture is energetic and includes top-notch training and many perks such as monthly awards, outings with the team, President’s Club, and fun and motivating contests. Their software platform is unique to the industry and provides the customer with a fully integrated product. The Job: This position is an outside sales role focusing on retention and servicing current clients. You will use your knowledge of the product to educate these clients on additional services and products that they will need to reach their goals. Your ability to run face to face presentations and educate your clients on the products offered will be a major portion of your daily tasks. The Qualifications: The Compensation:
Autism Behavior Coach - Part Time - $19 to $23 an hour

CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE BY CLICKING HERE $19 to $23 an hour and paid training! No experience required! Must have a car and insurance! Part time, usually 18 - 25 hours a week! Rapidly growing company with opportunities to move up in the organization! Behavior Specialist

Make a difference in a child's life by using our family-centered approach to caring for children with autism spectrum disorders. CSD provides evidenced-based mental health services by observing a child in their home and other natural settings. Join our team and contribute to a program that provides a healthy and rewarding life to children with autism.

Job Description:
As a behavior specialist you will travel to homes and other community settings to implement individualized goals and plans for the development of each child. You will be required to execute a plan designed by a program supervisor to improve the child's behavior through skill acquisition. You will also be responsible for keeping detailed treatment notes and behavior data.

Training:
Training will be provided during a new hire orientation and in ongoing clinical trainings. Employees will have additional monthly training to ensure they have the skills and tools necessary for their field. In addition to the provided training, employees are required to remain current on new research and developments in special education and related fields.

Requirements:
Two years related coursework in Child and Adolescent development, Applied Behavior Analysis, Psychology, Education, or a related field.
Experience working with children. Experience working with children with special needs/autism is preferred.
Possesses strong communication and written sills; American Sign Language or bilingual ability preferred.
Must have access to reliable transportation and a clean driving record.   ind123 ind123 Individuals seeking employment at CSD are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Child Life Specialist NICU


Delivery Associate, Hot Shot- Bridgewater WH

Responsible for transporting on-demand deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and state regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries in a safe, efficient manner in accordance with company procedures and applicable state regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Assist warehouse operations in completion of special assigned tasks as directed.* CDL license NOT required  Performs other related duties as assigned  Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license  Equipment: None  Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Vision Requirements: x Close Vision (clear vision at 20 inches or less) x Distance Vision (clear vision at 20 feet or more) x Peripheral Vision (ability to observe an area that can be seen up and down or to the left and right while eyes are fixed on a given point) x Depth Perception (three-dimensional vision, ability to judge distances and spatial relationships) x Ability to Adjust Focus (ability to adjust the eye to bring an object into sharp focus) x Ability to See Color
Delivery Associate- Bridgewater- WH

Responsible for transporting deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and DOT regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries according to manifest in a safe, responsible manner and in accordance with company procedures and applicable DOT regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Follows the daily delivery schedule or coordinates the most efficient deliveries by applying knowledge of customer schedules, peak delivery times and alternate routes.*  Applies knowledge and abilities to safely load and unload deliveries according to size of load and content description.*  Completes required paperwork to include overage/shortage sheets, trip records and maintenance logs.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles daily receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Performs daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections, corrective and preventative maintenance and documents on the driver’s truck inspection sheets.*  Maintains a daily, legible DOT log book and submits as required.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Participates and assists in the completion of various service calls.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Maintains valid drivers license, DOT physical card and submits copies of renewals to the manager in a timely fashion.* CDL license NOT required  Performs other related duties as assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Language Ability: Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license Medical Card
Analyst, Insights & Analytics

Analyst or Senior Analyst, Insights & Analytics - Chicago  About iSpot: iSpot.tv is a fast-growing venture backed start-up with rapidly increasing revenues.  iSpot.tv is the leader in real-time TV ad data and analytics.  The attention and conversion analytics company measures TV ad activity at scale and directly from 10+ million smart TV screens.  The proprietary platform measures ad impressions in a digital-like manner across linear, OTT, VOD and DVR environments and across all operators and zip codes.  iSpot’s attention analytics measure viewer retention and tune-out while ads are playing on the screen.  iSpot conversion analytics set the industry standard for TV attribution by directly connecting TV ad impressions with web, app and other 1st party data.  The company’s dashboards, APIs and analytics are utilized by leading brands in every major industry, as well as by TV networks and agencies. This is a rare opportunity to get equity in the early stages of a company with significant traction and work with an experienced team. About You: You are an insights and analytics guru with customer-facing experience translating data and analysis into business insights and recommendations.   You are excited about the power of data-driven decision-making and look forward to opportunities to develop and showcase insights to customers. You are comfortable collaborating with various stakeholders (customers and internal teams), understanding complex data challenges, and developing recommendations.  You smile in the face of ambiguity, welcome the opportunity to get hands-on with the data, manage multiple workstreams, and look for opportunities to create win-win situations for all parties involved. Your responsibilities will include the following:  Besides being highly motivated and valuing the significant equity opportunity, we are looking for someone who has:  We provide competitive salaries along with other benefits. Most importantly, you will be surrounded by an amazing team, an excellent culture, and the chance to contribute to the success of something great.  Get equity in one of Seattle’s hottest start-ups. 
Medical Coordinator


Machine Operator - Days- Shift B

Benefits effective first day of employment   The Machine Operation position is responsible for the safe operation of high speed packaging equipment and ongoing cost effective operations in a multi-shift setting. Reporting to the Shift Supervisor, the Machine Operator ensures the setup, safe operation, monitoring, cleanliness and quality standards of equipment. Ensures the compliance of all prestart Safety and Quality requirements and sign off of required checklists in order to ensure package integrity and appearance and maximize optimum packaging of finished product, in a world class facility.  ACCOUNTABILITIES  QUALIFICATIONS  OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION  TEAM B WORK SCHEDULE Week 1: Sun, Wed, Thurs        6:00 am 6:30 pm Week 2: Mon, Tues, Fri, Sat     6:00 am 6:30 pm You have JavaScript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. What is your full name? How can we contact you? What is your preferred method of communication? By clicking the button above, I agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy. 
Wheelchair Dispatcher MCO

 The Wheelchair Dispatcher oversees the wheelchair operation and assures wheelchair agents are directed to flights in the most efficient manner. This position assures proper information is properly communicated between clients and passengers to guarantee Wheelchair Attendants are prepared to cover each flight.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Description: Resolving daily operational issues Coordinating flight schedules with Wheelchair Attendants Communicating regularly with clients and employees Assuring all client requests are met Working within tight deadlines Filling in for Wheelchair Attendants as needed  Job Requirements: Be authorized to work in the United States Have a high school diploma or GED equivalent Be at least 18 years of age Able to obtain an airport badge Work AM shifts including weekends and holidays (i.e. 3:00 AM to 11:30 AM, 4:00 AM to 12:30 PM) Previous experience in dispatching and/or coordinating transportation routes using two-way radios and telephone Able to work under pressure to meet deadlines while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service Strong Microsoft Office and Internet skills Able to work as part of a team and carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices Strong verbal and written communication skills using appropriate grammar, tone, and pronunciation to effectively communicate with internal and external customers Discretion and confidentiality working with private information Continuously sit for shift Occasionally lift 70 lbs. Occasionally push or pull 200 lbs. on an incline Meet company's appearance guidelines Drug Free Workplace
Patient Service Representative

 Patient Service Representative - Des Moines Job Description:
To make payment arrangements for outstanding hospital account balances with client patients and guarantors through inbound and outbound calling via use of an auto-dial system. To note information regarding account status as accounts are worked and promptly respond to customer inquiries.
Job Location: Des Moines, IA
Essential Job Functions for Patient Service Rep:
Follow established procedures to resolve patient account balances utilizing available technologies
Take inbound calls from and make outbound calls to patients or guarantors for the purpose of making payment arrangements for account balances on behalf of client hospitals or clinics;
Electronically document conversations held with responsible parties on Company and/or client systems
Communicate financial responsibility detail to patients; communicate confusing and/or difficult financial issues to patients in a non-threatening and helpful manner
Accurately determine patient eligibility for financial assistance programs and bank loans, where available; provide assistance to patients in completing necessary paperwork for available programs; obtain all necessary documentation to resolve an account
Provide follow-up on suspended accounts according to established procedures
Professionally interact with client staff and patients and guarantors
Promptly respond to phone messages; promptly respond to client or patient concerns or problems
Conform to all confidentiality and third party liability laws
Ensure appropriate steps are taken so accounts receive due attention
Ability to work during normal business hours; work a regular and reliable schedule
Accurately track daily, weekly, and monthly productivity to exhibit contributions toward departmental goals Job Description: To make payment arrangements for outstanding hospital account balances with client patients and guarantors through inbound and outbound calling via use of an auto-dial system. To note information regarding account status as accounts are worked and promptly respond to customer inquiries. Education/Experience:
High school diploma or GED required
Prefer some college
Prefer minimum of two years of work experience in customer service or healthcare office setting with familiarity with medical billing cycles, processes and procedures
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities for Patient Service Rep:
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Provide excellent customer service on behalf of clients in a variety of situations including those that escalate
Exceptional interpersonal, organizational, business communication and time management skills
Proficient in basic PC applications; proficient in internal and client systems as needed; update and note account information; type at least 45 WPM; proficient with 10-key; become proficient in multiple client software systems as assigned
Strong attention to detail and follow-up skills
Understand and comply with organizational policies, procedures and systems
Operate office equipment e.g. copier, fax, phone system, and recording system; understand and proficiently use IVR (if applicable), internet as required, voice mail, hospital patient accounting systems, and other required technologies
Excellent math skills with ability to perform calculations, balance and reconcile figures
Efficiently perform multiple tasks and shift priorities on short notice to respond to inventory changes Email this Job Ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:

*Separate each recipient email address with a comma. Recipient email address(es): Your First Name: Your Last Name: Select which language the email should be sent in. var RecaptchaOptions = { theme : 'red', lang : 'en', custom_translations : { instructions_visual : 'Type the text:', instructions_audio : 'Type what you hear:', play_again : 'Play sound again', cant_hear_this : 'Download sound as MP3', visual_challenge : 'Get a visual challenge', audio_challenge : 'Get an audio challenge', refresh_btn : 'Get an audio challenge', help_btn : 'Help!', incorrect_try_again : 'You have failed the captcha challenge. Please try again.', instructions_context : 'Type the words in the boxes:', image_alt_text : 'reCAPTCHA challenge image', privacy_and_terms : 'Recaptcha.privacy_and_terms' }, tabindex : 0 };   Questions?  Call the Avadyne Health HR Recruiter at 515-727-2713.   Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2016 Avadyne Health all rights reserved
Summer Teaching Fellow

 Would you like to apply to this job? Log In if already registered otherwise Please click here to begin the application process.
Help Desk Support - Top Secret Clearance Required

To apply for this position, you must have an active Top Secret Clearance.  Focused Cyber is currently staffing a position with a defense contractor in support of a federal customer.  Program Overview and Responsibilities:  Minimum/General Experience: May require an associate's degree in a related area experience in the field or in a related area or equivalent. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Functional Responsibility: Provides support to end users on a variety of issues. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems. Responds to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support. Documents, tracks, and monitors the problem to ensure a timely resolution. Extensive experience with installing and maintaining specialized applications. Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Minimum Education:  A associate's degree from an accredited college or university or equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree (additional 2 years). Requires a DoD 8570 IAT I certification. If you are unable to upload your resume directly, please email it to Careers@FocusedCyber.com or call 804-539-8278.  Focused Cyber is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Marketing Support Specialist

Marketing Support Specialist
Houston, TX Position Description:
As a Marketing Support Specialist you will work within the Naked Lime Marketing division of Reynolds and Reynolds. In this position, you will be responsible for helping automotive dealerships communicate with their customers via monthly e-newsletters. You will make recommendations to dealerships regarding article topics and offers that they include in their monthly e-newsletters.

Working as part of a team you will manage assigned customer accounts via telephone and email. Your ability to develop rapport with dealership personnel is essential to overall success in this role, as you will become a trusted advisor for all of their e-newsletter needs. Additionally, you will be speaking to dealership management monthly to evaluate their digital marketing results to ensure the success of your marketing strategies. If you desire customer interaction and the ability to measure your success, this position is for you!
IT Associate-Downtown/ Chicago Loop

Technical Support Chicago, Illinois  Company: Oak Street Health Title: IT Associate Oak Street Health is a rapidly growing, innovative company of community-based healthcare centers that provides higher quality health and wellness care that improves outcomes, manages medical costs, and provides an unmatched experience for adults on Medicare in medically underserved communities. By providing holistic, comprehensive, and integrated care right in our patients’ communities, we can keep our patients healthy and then reinvest cost savings in further care for those same communities and others. Since 2013, Oak Street Health has brought its singular approach to tens of thousands of people in Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan at 24 locations, and soon will open locations on the East Coast starting in Pennsylvania. Visit www.oakstreethealth.com to learn more. Role Description The IT Associate role is an integral part of our growing team. Responsibilities include: The IT Associate will report to the IT Help Desk Manager/VP of Operations. What we’re looking for We’re looking for motivated, experienced professionals with: Qualifications Why Oak Street? Oak Street Health offers our coworkers advantages that can’t be found in other clinical workplaces, including: Why does Oak Street Health offer all of these benefits? Because we know what it takes to deliver the highest level of care, and our team deserves the best resources to succeed and enjoy their work. In return, we expect the best out of our co-workers. Oak Street Health is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and encourage all interested readers to apply to oakstreethealth.com/careers  
Records Associate

The Records Associate is a member of the on-site Williams Lea Tag team delivering exceptional customer service at our client locations. Responsibilities include file and database maintenance, fulfilling client record requests and special projects as needed.  Job Responsibilities
: Job Requirements
: Williams Lea Tag offers an exciting and supportive business environment.  We develop our people and reward their contribution.  We work with openness and integrity.  We are an equal opportunity employer.  We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform preemployment substance abuse testing.
Property Management Professional


Materials Manager

The world's fastest satellite production facility. Making high-performance satellites more affordable and available. LEARN MORE Looking for job opportunities within OneWeb Satellites, the world's first high volume satellite manufacturing facility? Please check the OneWeb Satellites Website.
Accounts Receivable Coordinator

 Qualified candidates must possess an Associate’s degree (AA) or equivalent from a two-year college or technical school; with at least 3-4 years related experience in an accounts receivable position. Intermediate level knowledge of Microsoft Office products with an emphasis in Excel. Experience in Job Cost environment a plus. Must be able to multi-task and work in a fast paced, deadline-driven, and rapidly growing environment. Attention to detail and the ability to organize are critical qualities of candidates in this position. Candidates must be authorized to work in the US for any employer.
Head of Facilities

Rubrik is looking for an experienced Head of Facilities to join our growing team! You have a global background and experience managing highly distributed operations through an outsource model that include flexible spaces, high interaction and full service spaces. Oversee and build the office team, responsible for creating a great work environment in all of our offices. In addition to leading the day-to-day operations you will also provide the strategic vision for the function – exploring and incorporating global best practices in outsourcing, transportation, maintenance, sustainability, technology applications and new office development. You will proactively deliver cost savings initiatives to meet and exceed corporate goals.  Where you can make an impact:  Ideal background:  Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Thanks for getting in touch. We’ll get back to you within 48 hours.
Compounder

 Please email your resume and cover letter to jobs@pldevelopments.com
Include the title of the job in the subject matter.   JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor’s degree in Industrial or Manufacturing Engineering
•Preferred 2 – 5 years of experience in related field
•Knowledge of Visio or AutoCAD
•Experience in SAP or Oracle a strong plus
•Knowledge and ability to apply Lean Six Sigma principles is preferred
•Strong computer skills and familiarity with common software packages (Word, Excel, MS Project)
•Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
•Strong problem solving skills
•Must be able to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines
•Ability to analyze and synthesize data
•Periodic travel required JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
•5+ years experience in the field
•Mechanical Engineering degree a plus
•Knowledge of cGMP and Safety guidelines  JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
• High School Diploma or GED
• 2-5 years warehouse experience
• Must be able to operate a single, deep reach truck, sit down fork
lift, stock picker, electric jack and scissor lift
• Basic Math and computer skills
• Must be able to lift 80 lbs.
• Able to work independently JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
•0 – 2 years experience in related field
•Knowledge of FDA/cGMP guidelines
•Basic writing and math skills
•Strong verbal communication skills
•Fluent in English, Spanish a plus
•Must be able to lift 50 lbs.
•Must be able to stand on feet all day   JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
• High School graduate required or equivalent
• Excellent communication, mathematical and writing skills are needed
• Forklift certification needed
• Willing to work OT and weekends and be flexible with shifts
• A minimum of 5 years of experience
• Ability to lift up to 50 lbs
Residential Assistant


Team Coordinator

Recover Health - Home Health Care Branch Location : Madison Hours: Full Time; 8:00 - 4:30 each day  Team Coordinator  MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES/JOB FUNCTIONS of the • Supports ongoing operational missions such as iCare, branch performance, retention and business growth • Work collaboratively with all branches and home office to ensure seamless coordination and service amongst our business and clinical delivery team • Participate in staff meetings, and meets regularly with branch management for individual supervision to meet performance objectives • Greets and assists clients, employees, and general public when entering office providing excellent client and employee customer service • Accountable for all livelihood aspects as directed by the branch manager and home office, this includes appearance of office, customer satisfaction support and care to all patients, patient’s family members and co-workers • Supervise daily administrative and communication activities for the office; establishing and maintaining database and filing systems per industry standard • Manages office calls, correspondence, calendaring, meetings, travel, invoices, expenses, analytical support, etc. • Support ongoing client and employee requests including staff scheduling, preparing client materials, administrative and (in & out) processing of client files in alignment of government/health care standards Are you sure?
Big Data Intern (Summer)

(View all jobs) HQ Roblox, Big Data Intern (May-September), San Mateo, CA Join an amazing team that’s building the future of play. Every month, over 64 million active players come together on Roblox to imagine, create, and play in immersive 3D worlds. Roblox allows anyone to build the ultimate theme park, compete as a professional race car driver, star in a fashion show, become a superhero, or simply build a dream home and hang out with friends. Today more than 29 million user-generated games and experiences have been published on the platform, all developed by a talented community of 1.9 million creators. As a Big Data Intern for Summer, you’ll play a critical role in scaling our infrastructure at a time of incredible growth and shape the future of the Imagination Platform™. You'll have boundless opportunities to devise and build cutting-edge, innovative content search and discovery solutions that impact Roblox's global audience. If you know what it takes to build and operate that can sustain over one million concurrent players year-round and you take play as seriously as we do, you’ll fit right into our talented and ever-expanding engineering team. You Are: You Will: Roblox is the largest social platform for play that allows kids to imagine, create, and play together in immersive 3D worlds. Over 29 million user-generated online games have been produced on the Roblox platform with over 64 million monthly active players visiting Roblox every month to create adventures, play games, roleplay, and learn with friends in a family-friendly environment. Roblox is accessible on all modern smartphones, tablets, desktops, Xbox One, Oculus Rift, and other popular VR platforms. In 2017, Roblox was named to the Inc. 5000 list of Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America for the second consecutive year. Roblox – Powering Imagination.
Client Success Manager - Phoenix, AZ

Our mission:  We believe the most powerful marketing happens in-person. Our mission is to develop the most innovative event technology on the planet to help marketers reach and engage their target audiences in-person. Opportunity: Be a founding member of our AZ office! Splash is a growing startup headquartered in New York City and we're looking for top talent to join our team as we expand to the Phoenix area. We're starting by growing our Support team, and this role is an Account Management position, as a Client Success Manager. This is an unparalleled opportunity to be directly involved in this new initiative! About the Team and Position As a Customer Success Manager, working with our Mid-Market clients, you will be a strategic advisor to our clients' in-person marketing initiatives and will oversee Splash adoption, ongoing engagement, expansion, and renewal initiatives within each account. You will understand our clients' marketing goals, how to measure event ROI, and you will work on a daily basis with Splash's Product, Support, and Sales teams to drive success. The position is a demanding and rewarding one. Key Responsibilities Qualifications What's Next? If you’re interested in joining our hilarious, brilliant, ambitious, incredible team, please send a cover letter and your resume. And keep it casual! Your time at Splash will be the most important work you ever do. It will change the course of your career in an exciting and un-replicable way. We can’t wait to meet you. Splash is an equal opportunity employer.
Assistant/Associate Elementary STEM


NC- Lot Attendant (ParkWilmington)

   Lanier Parking Solutions has an immediate need for high energy Lot Attendant for our ParkWilmington (NC) operation. This exciting position is for the right person who believes in exceptional customer service and professionalism, and wants to make extra money all the while having fun! Enthusiasm and a passion for customer service are key attributes that we are looking for in a Lot Attendant as you will be the first level of interaction with our guests. Some of the responsibilities could be, but not limited to: enforcing parking regulations, writing citations, answering guests’ questions, etc.  This position will require a lot of walking so the ability to stand and walk outside for long periods of time is required!

Hours of operation are 9:00am – 6:30pm; Monday through Saturday. Employee will be scheduled within those times. These positions pay $8.50 per hour. Employee must be able to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. To become an integral part of the Lanier Parking team you will need:

• At least 18 years old.
• A clean background check and clean driving records.
• Excellent communication skills.
• Excellent customer service skills.
• The ability to stand and walk outside for long periods of time.
• The ability to work flexible hours, including holidays and weekends.

If you are an exceptional person with excellent customer skills, we look forward to receiving your application! Please start your online application below. Please note, Lanier will only consider those applicants that complete the application in its entirety.

An Equal Opportunity Employer Choose: Create User Account to enable later access to your application status page Password must contain at least 4 characters and no more than 15 characters and no characters other than letters, numbers and the underscore may be used 
Medical Office Assistant

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
* Grade of 80% or higher on Basic Medical Assistant test required
* Minimum of 1 year experience in medical office setting preferred
* Knowledge of CPT and ICD9 codes and health care insurance preferred
* Ability to calm patients by being supportive is necessary
* Good interpersonal skills for effective communication are necessary Education:
* High school diploma or equivalent is required
* Graduate of an accredited medical assistant program required Licensure: * National Registered or Certified Medical Assistant required
* Current BLS from American Heart Association certification required Trinity Health’s Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Trinity Health employs more than 120,000 colleagues at dozens of hospitals and hundreds of health centers in 21 states. Because we serve diverse populations, our colleagues are trained to recognize the cultural beliefs, values, traditions, language preferences, and health practices of the communities that we serve and to apply that knowledge to produce positive health outcomes. We also recognize that each of us has a different way of thinking and perceiving our world and that these differences often lead to innovative solutions. Trinity Health’s dedication to diversity includes a unified workforce (through training and education, recruitment, retention and development), commitment and accountability, communication, community partnerships, and supplier diversity. About Us
Trinity Health offers rewarding careers in a community environment with all the advantages of working at one of the nation’s largest health systems. We provide high-quality, people-centered care in 22 states through our network of hospitals, facilities, community-based services, and continuing care locations – including home care, hospice, Program of All Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE), and senior living facilities. If you are looking for a rewarding clinical or administrative position, you’ll find exceptional career possibilities, opportunities for advancement and a job with meaning at Trinity Health. Trinity Health employs more than 131,000 colleagues across 22 states. We honor and embrace a diverse representation of people, ideas and backgrounds. Our dedication to diversity is evident in our commitment to training, education, recruitment, retention and development, as well as community partnerships and supplier diversity. Because we serve diverse populations, our colleagues are trained to recognize the cultural beliefs, values, traditions, language preferences and health practices of the communities we serve and to apply that knowledge to produce positive outcomes. We recognize that each of us has a different way of thinking and perceiving our world, and that our differences not only serve to unite us, but also lead to innovative solutions.  
Human Resources Coordinator

Kendall Auto Alaska has dealerships in Kenai, Wasilla, Anchorage, Fairbanks and Juneau offering 11 different vehicle models
and plenty of career opportunities!   Kendall Auto Group of Alaska has an immediate opening for a
Human Resources Coordinator. The focus of this position is to assist the Human Resources Manager with HR related administrative functions and daily operations. Duties will include but are not limited to assisting with company-wide hiring processes, new employee orientation, employee record maintenance, data entry and assisting employees with HR related inquiries. Ideal candidate will have at least 2 years experience working as an administrative support professional and general knowledge of HR practices. This position requires candidate to have organizational, time management and interpersonal communication skills.  Proficiency in Excel and MS Office is required. This position offers on-the-job training and advancement opportunities in the HR field. Kendall Auto Group offers full health, dental and vision insurance, a 401k plan, available paid time off, flexible spending account and competitive pay.  You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Office Associate-Bilingual-English/Spanish

//<![CDATA[ if (typeof(Sys) === 'undefined') throw new Error('ASP.NET Ajax client-side framework failed to load.'); //]]> <!-- function ValidatorTrim(s) { var m = s.match(/^\s*(\S+(\s+\S+)*)\s*$/); return (m == null) ? "" : m[1]; } //--> var nav = window.Event ? true : false; if (nav) { window.captureEvents(Event.KEYDOWN); window.onkeydown = NetscapeEventHandler_KeyDown; } else { document.onkeydown = MicrosoftEventHandler_KeyDown; } function NetscapeEventHandler_KeyDown(e) { if (e.which == 13 && e.target.type != 'textarea' && e.target.type != 'submit') { return false; } return true; } function MicrosoftEventHandler_KeyDown() { if (event.keyCode == 13 && event.srcElement.type != 'textarea' && event.srcElement.type != 'submit') return false; return true; }
Job Summary
Office Associate-Bilingual-English/Spanish

Req. Code
1594112117
Status
Date Posted
11/21/2017
Division
Home Care Operations
Department
001 Homecare-Home Health Aide
Job Description
Selfhelp is looking for an Office Associate for a busy and growing Licensed Home Care Services Agency. The primary responsibility of the Office Associate is answering the phones. Other responsibilities include: - Customer Service Excellence - Excellent telephone etiquette - Message taking and distribution - data entry
Knowledge, Skills And Requirements
Some computer skills - Outlook, and Excel. High School Diploma Bilingual-English/Spanish
//<![CDATA[ Sys.Application.initialize(); //]]> 
Care Group Patient Experience Consultant

Job Description:
At HealthPartners, you’ll find a culture where we live our values of excellence, compassion, integrity and most importantly, partnership. By working together, we will improve health and well-being, create exceptional experiences for those we serve and make care and coverage more affordable.
We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Care Group Patient Experience Consultant. This position will actively partner with senior and local leaders to improve Patient and Family Experience (PFE) initiatives, tools, and results at an organizational level. In collaboration with clinical leaders, administrative leaders and the Director of Care Group Experience, s/he will identify, prioritize, plan, and manage multiple project teams in support of strategic patient experience objectives of the organization. The Patient Experience Consultant independently leads and/or manages large complex initiatives. S/he is an active member of the HealthPartners Care Group Quality leadership team and reports to the Director of Care Group Experience & Development.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree
5+ years of related experience
Demonstrated experience in navigating matrixed organizational structures
Demonstrated experience in scoping, developing and leading projects to completion
Experience with patient experience measurement systems and reporting
Proficient in Microsoft Office products
Constructive dissatisfaction with status quo and drive for improvement using strategic thinking skills
Excellent critical thinking, analytical skills and problem solving. Able to contribute these skills to the creation of solutions
Demonstrated capability to obtain and analyze data to direct project focus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to teach, coach and influence others
Drive and initiative to develop relationships and partnerships within and external to areas of focus
Proficient in designing, preparing, and facilitating effective meetings and discussions
Able to successfully deal with ambiguity, have perspective and courage, be approachable and motivate others
Preferred Qualifications:
Healthcare experience preferred
Experience with SharePoint preferred
Experience with HealthPartners current patient experience survey system (NRC) is beneficial
Accountabilities:
Embraces the role as an organizational expert on all things patient experience. Strives to keep yourself and your direct teammates, as well as the broader organization, up-to-date on effective and impactful patient experience activities being utilized across healthcare.
Analyzes current organizational patient experience programs and processes and recommends various courses of action that will lead to improved patient experience outcomes.
Effectively navigates the development, planning, implementation and on-going support of broad, org-wide patient experience projects and initiatives.
Provides outstanding client support by being responsive to organizational requests for information, advice, or participation.
Educates and trains clinical and administrative leaders on patient experience initiatives, measurements and reporting tools.
Continually develops methods for compiling, analyzing and presenting data that will allow leaders to better understand and more effectively act upon the data.
Through on site and virtual interactions, actively partners with clinic and department leaders to support and guide their efforts to elevate patient experience.
Effectively uses consulting and influencing skills to develop valued relationships with key stakeholders.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Scope of Responsibility:
Will work with a wide variety of people at all levels within the organization. Partner with leaders and clinicians across the organization to develop patient experience solutions to support business needs. Cultivate effective relationships with key stakeholders, using a consultative approach that balances the goals of the organization with the workload, limitations and current realities of the departments/clinics.
Anticipate trends in patient experience. Collaborate and leverage resources to their fullest in order to generate new patient experience approaches. Determine if and how to effectively produce supportive process and system solutions.
Utilize the concepts and tools of continuous improvement to ensure organizational excellence in patient experience. Utilize radical unconventional thinking to generate ideas that shift and elevate our patient experience mindset and results.
Internal/External Contacts:
This position frequently interacts and consults with executives and department leaders, including hospital and clinic physicians, managers and support staff. Develops and maintains high quality business partnerships with internal clients and external vendors.
Supervision/Work Direction:
Independently and autonomously performs roles and responsibilities, informing/involving the Director of Care Group Experience as needed.
HealthPartners is recognized nationally for providing outstanding care and experience for patients and members. We offer an excellent salary and benefits package. For more information and to apply go to www.healthpartners.com/careers and search for Job ID #46820. We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Care Group Patient Experience Consultant. This position will actively partner with senior and local leaders to improve Patient and Family Experience (PFE) initiatives, tools, and results at an organizational level. In collaboration with clinical leaders, administrative leaders and the Director of Care Group Experience, s/he will identify, prioritize, plan, and manage multiple project teams in support of strategic patient experience objectives of the organization. The Patient Experience Consultant independently leads and/or manages large complex initiatives. S/he is an active member of the HealthPartners Care Group Quality leadership team and reports to the Director of Care Group Experience & Development. Required Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: Accountabilities: Scope of Responsibility: Internal/External Contacts: Supervision/Work Direction: HealthPartners is recognized nationally for providing outstanding care and experience for patients and members. We offer an excellent salary and benefits package. For more information and to apply go to www.healthpartners.com/careers and search for Job ID #46820. Additional Information: We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Account Manager Relief - Hollywood

Account Manager Relief - Hollywood Coca-Cola Beverages Florida (“CCBF”), headquartered in Tampa, Florida, is one of the largest independently owned and operated Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States. CCBF markets, sells, and distributes products of The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC) in Florida. Responsible for selling and ordering product intro existing accounts. Ensures consistent adherence to merchandising and customer service standards. *Major moving violations include, but are not limited to, leaving the scene of an accident, driving under the influence, and reckless driving. Minor moving violations include, but are not limited to, speeding, driving too close, failure to stop, and improper lane changes. Driving records, including minor moving violations, will be evaluated according to Coca-Cola Beverages' guidelines to determine eligibility for the Account Manager Relief position.  Coca-Cola Beverages Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
Human Resources Business Partner

 Human Resources Business Partner


The role of Human Resources Business Partner is to serve as a single point of contact to our internal clients and liaison to our HR team and provide coaching and counseling to employees and their managers and recommend HR solutions that will enable them to achieve their business goals. The Business Partner will also provide high-level support in the administration of human resources processes. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES and OTHER CHARACTERISTICS: EDUCATION/WORK EXPERIENCE: PHYSICAL/EMOTIONAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENTS: Email this Job Ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:

*Separate each recipient email address with a comma. Recipient email address(es): Your First Name: Your Last Name: Select which language the email should be sent in. var RecaptchaOptions = { theme : 'red', lang : 'en', custom_translations : { instructions_visual : 'Type the text:', instructions_audio : 'Type what you hear:', play_again : 'Play sound again', cant_hear_this : 'Download sound as MP3', visual_challenge : 'Get a visual challenge', audio_challenge : 'Get an audio challenge', refresh_btn : 'Get an audio challenge', help_btn : 'Help!', incorrect_try_again : 'You have failed the captcha challenge. Please try again.', instructions_context : 'Type the words in the boxes:', image_alt_text : 'reCAPTCHA challenge image', privacy_and_terms : 'Recaptcha.privacy_and_terms' }, tabindex : 0 };
Platform Consultant

© Copyright 1999-2017 Brightidea, Inc. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
AIDE - RESIDENTIAL

Job Summary Resident Assistant Opportunity One of the nation’s largest and most respected hospital companies, Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Steadily growing from a startup to an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, UHS today has annual revenue nearing $10 billion. In 2017, UHS was recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; ranked #276 on the Fortune 500, and listed #275 in Forbes inaugural ranking of America’s Top 500 Public Companies. Our operating philosophy is as effective today as it was 40 years ago: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive, and become the leading healthcare provider in each community we serve. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has more than 81,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates more than 320 acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom. Mission Statement: To provide superior quality healthcare services that: PATIENTS recommend to family and friends, PHYSICIANS prefer for their patients, PURCHASERS select for their clients, EMPLOYEES are proud of, and INVESTORS seek for long-term returns. Skywood Recovery Center is a residential treatment facility offering integrated treatment for addiction and mental health conditions. Skywood Recovery provides individual and group therapy, experiential therapy, equine and art therapy, and yoga. Located in Augusta, MI, a convenient drive from Kalamazoo and Lansing, MI, the campus offers a restorative environment with opportunity to enjoy the outdoors. Position Summary Maintains milieu according to program schedule, monitors and provides care for patients. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Ensures program schedule is maintained. Assists patients with self-care and other living skills. Maintains cleanliness, assist patients to develop appropriate cleaning skills by role modeling. Directly performs daily living maintenance responsibilities. Completes room checks, safety checks and patient supervision checks as directed. Ensures orientation of new patients immediately upon admission. Conducts psycho-educational groups with patients. Utilizes motivational interviewing and patient-centered techniques when assisting patients. Provides empathic, supportive approach to all patient interactions by acting as a sounding board for the individual.Confrontation is not used. Obtains all medications from consumer at intake and secures according to policy. Employs de-escalation techniques. Utilizes local crisis response plan in case of emergency psychiatric emergency (i.e. suicidal/homicidal ideation or threats). Documents according to periodicity and content requirements. Conducts safety drills as described in FRN protocol. Performs responsibilities according to guidelines, and applies performance feedback. Participates in staff meetings. Participates in training and meets FRN and licensure expectations related to training. Performs all other duties as required or assigned. Education and Experience High School diploma or GED required. Minimum 1 year experience working with dually diagnosed individuals preferred. CPR certification (or willing to obtain CPR training and certification). Work Environment and Physical Demands Sits, stands, walks, and moves intermittently during work hours. Must be able to lift, push, pull and/or move up to 60 pounds. Must be able to move from building to building in possible extreme weather conditions. Ability to be physically mobile, climb stairs, traverse the campus on uneven, hilly terrain. Position requires some work on the computer requiring manual dexterity and visual acuity. Must be willing to work a flexible schedule. A current, valid driver’s license and a clean driving record is required for use of company vehicles and occasional business travel. Due to the 24/7 operational demands, must be available after normal working hours and on holidays to manage emergencies that may arise. 
Patient Care Tech Associate

 A cover letter is required for consideration for this position and should be attached as the first page of your resume. The cover letter should address your specific interest in the position and outline skills and experience that directly relate to this position.   To provide in-depth clinical, technical, and clerical support to Cross-sectional interventional radiology service; involving pre procedure, procedure, and post procedure patient care and data entry, as well as assisting the CT technologist in the CT Division. This is a shared role between the Cross-sectional and CT Division.   Customer Service/Support/Communication: Return calls to referring services or patients as requested by P.A. or physician. Answer pages and coordinate requests from referring services when P.A. is unavailable. Exhibit consistent, positive, supportive attitudes, behaviors, and words. Schedule appointments in MiChart for radiology procedures. Communicate in an appropriate tone with patients, co-workers, staff, faculty, and management. Address both positive and negative feedback through the appropriate channels. Be pleasant, courteous, polite, and helpful to others. Provide comfort measures for patients to include provision of blankets, pillows, etc. Responsible for pre procedure patient preparation including assisting patient into room and filling out pre-procedure patient information forms. Assist Technologist: Help lift/move/position patients as necessary for examinations. Monitor patient to ensure patient safety. Retrieve supplies/equipment necessary for procedure. Understand basic McKesson functions and route images appropriately. Remain focused on case until examination is completed. Ensure that correct patient is getting correct procedure. Initiate “Time Out” procedure. Receive and carry out instructions promptly, accurately, and precisely in regards to patient care and CT Operations. Communicate observations/concerns regarding a patient’s condition or safety to the CT technologist. Start IV’s when necessary as well as administering x-ray contrast for patients’ CT. Must understand radiation safety principles and complete all the necessary Mlearning modules to address this topic. Must have a basic understanding of anatomy to know what type of CTs are being performed as to position the patient accordingly. Assist with specimen preparation for Pathology. Obtain procedure requisitions and present to P.A. or physician. RIS Support: Proficient with entering patient into Radiant system. Enter billing codes for procedures and supplies in RIS/Radiant following procedure if needed. Knows how to arrive, begin and complete study in Radiant. Knows how to enter allergy into MiChart system. Check RIS/Radiant/MiChart for previous reports on patients, such as IR, CT’s, MR’s, US’s. Check MiChart for patient lab data, history, medications, and allergies. Relay results to P.A. or physician. Equipment/Supply Maintenance: Report equipment malfunctions to manager/supervisor/charge technologist. Fill in supply flow sheet for procedure. Clean rooms, positioning aids, and equipment as necessary. Stock rooms with linen and necessary supplies. Order supplies as needed. Check emergency equipment in each room daily. Maintain procedure cart inventory. Patient Transportation: Transport adult/pediatric patients to/from ER to Radiology for examinations if necessary. Communicate with ER staff to assess patient status prior to transporting patient to radiology. Clerical Support: Answer phones. Direct questions to lead technologist. Adapt to changing environments (flexible schedules, emergency conditions, protocol development, technology advancements).
Other duties as required.       20 hours, afternoon shift, (1) 10 hour weekend shift, (1) 10 hour weekday shift, and holidays   UH B1F403-5030   Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act.   Michigan Medicine improves the health of patients, populations and communities through excellence in education, patient care, community service, research and technology development, and through leadership activities in Michigan, nationally and internationally. Our mission is guided by our Strategic Principles and has three critical components; patient care, education and research that together enhance our contribution to society.   The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Sourcer/Jr. Recruiter

 Bandwidth is looking for a talented, driven, enthusiastic, rock star who is passionate about recruiting. In a Bandwidth world the Sourcer will be on the frontline battling in the war for talent.  What to expect as superstar sourcer: What background will make you successful: Experience:  
CPM Scheduler II


Care Navigator

3 evenings/week Clinical Full Time We are currently searching for a Care Navigator in our Harrisburg Outpatient clinic. Collaboration of systems and services is an important factor for increasing positive outcomes for individuals who are in treatment for opioid addiction. Care Navigators work directly with individuals with substance use disorder and provide support to bridge connections between treatment providers, health care professionals, insurance agencies and other services that may be beneficial to recovery. Overcoming addiction is a multifaceted and individual process. Care Navigators work with individuals and service providers to connect clients to programs and timely assistance that will promote a recovery environment based on recommendations from treatment professionals. From a person's entry into the treatment process through various possible programs and supports a Care Navigator is available to encourage, connect and support treatment plans. EOE. Benefits: Harrisburg, PA $15 Apply Now Back To Previous Page Hours
3 evenings/week Job Type
Clinical
Field Investigator

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Field Investigator Summary: The primary function of this position is to provide investigative services as assigned by the Field Supervisor or Regional Manager.  Services include but are not limited to: surveillance investigations, statement taking (recorded or written), witness interviews, photography (still or video), subpoena service, insurance claim investigation, SIU-type investigation, document retrieval, courthouse record research/retrieval and other assignments as they develop.  Responsibilities: Experience/Education  Licenses All applicants must be able to pass a mandatory pre-employment drug screen and background check 
Receiver/Stocker 4 AM Crew

Keyword State
Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming City
Select
Abbeville
Abilene
Abingdon
Abingdon
Abington
Adairsville
Adrian
Aiken
Akron
Alabaster
Alachua
Alamogordo
Albany
Albany
Albany
Albemarle
Albuquerque
Alcoa
Alexandria
Alexandria
Aliso Viejo
Allen
Allen Park
Alliance
Alpharetta
Altamonte Springs
Alton
Altoona
Altoona
Amarillo
Americus
Ames
Amherst
Amherst
Amsterdam
Anaheim
Anchorage
Anderson
Anderson
Ann Arbor
Anniston
Antioch
Apex
Apopka
Apple Valley
Appleton
Aransas Pass
Arden
Ardmore
Arlington
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Arnold
Arvada
Asheboro
Asheville
Ashland
Ashtabula
Athens
Athens
Athens
Athens
Atlanta
Auburn
Auburn
Auburn
Auburndale
Augusta
Augusta
Aurora
Austell
Austin
Avon
Avon
Avondale
Bakersfield
Ballwin
Baltimore
Bangor
Bardstown
Bartlesville
Bartonsville
Bartow
Bastrop
Batesville
Baton Rouge
Battle Creek
Bay Shore
Bayonne
Baytown
Bear
Beaufort
Beaumont
Beckley
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford
Bedford Heights
Bee Cave
Belle Vernon
Bellefontaine
Belleville
Bellingham
Belmont
Bend
Benton Harbor
Bentonville
Bessemer
Bethel Park
Bethlehem
Big Rapids
Billings Metropolitan Area
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Bixby
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bloomington
Bloomington
Bloomsburg
Bluefield
Bluffton
Bluffton
Blytheville
Boca Raton
Boiling Springs
Boise
Bolingbrook
Bonney Lake
Boone
Bossier City
Bowie
Bowling Green
Boynton Beach
Bozeman
Bradenton
Bradley
Brandon
Bremerton
Brenham
Brevard
Brewer
Bridgeton
Brighton
Bristol
Bristol
Brockport
Brockton
Broken Arrow
Brookhaven
Brooklyn
Brooksville
Brownsburg
Brownsville
Brunswick
Brunswick
Bryan
Bryant
Buckhannon
Buford
Burbank
Burleson
Burlington
Burlington
Butler
Butler
California
Camden
Camden
Camillus
Campbellsville
Canandaigua
Canton
Canton
Cape Carteret
Cape Coral
Cape Girardeau
Carbondale
Carefree
Carlisle
Carlsbad
Carlsbad
Carmel
Carnegie
Carol Stream
Carrollton
Carrollton
Carson City
Cartersville
Carthage
Cary
Casa Grande
Castle Rock
Catskill
Cedar Rapids
Centerville
Central
Chambersburg
Chamblee
Champaign
Chandler
Chantilly
Chapel Hill
Charleston
Charleston
Charlotte
Charlottesville
Charter Township of Clinton
Chattanooga
Chesapeake
Chester
Chester
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Chesterfield
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chico
Chillicothe
Chillicothe
Chino Hills
Christiansburg
Chula Vista
Cicero
Cincinnati
Citrus Heights
City of Industry
City of Saint Peters
Claremore
Clarksburg
Clarksville
Clarksville
Clearfield
Clearwater
Cleburne
Clermont
Cleveland
Clinton
Clinton
Clinton
Clover
Clovis
Clovis
Coeur d'Alene
Collierville
Colonie
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Columbus
Columbus
Columbus
Commack
Concord
Concord
Concord
Conroe
Conway
Conway
Conway
Conyers
Cookeville
Coon Rapids
Coral Springs
Coralville
Corbin
Cordova
Corinth
Cornelia
Corona
Corpus Christi
Cotati
Covina
Covington
Cranberry Township
Cranston
Crestview
Cromwell
Cross Lanes
Crossville
Crowley
Cullman
Culpeper
Cumming
Cypress
Dallas
Dalton
Danbury
Danvers
Danville
Danville
Danville
Daphne
Davenport
Davie
Dayton
Decatur
Decatur
Dedham
Defiance
DeFuniak Springs
DeKalb
Delavan
Deltona
Denton
Denver
Derby
Derby
Destin
D'Iberville
Dickson
Dickson City
Dothan
Douglas
Douglasville
Dover
Downingtown
Dublin
Dublin
DuBois
Dubuque
Durant
Durham
Dyersburg
Eagle Pass
Easley
East Brunswick
East Ellijay
East Patchogue
East Peoria
East Point
East Rutherford
Easton
Eatontown
Edinburg
Edmond
Edwardsville
El Centro
El Paso
Elizabeth City
Elizabethton
Elizabethtown
Elk Grove
Elkhart
Elkin
Elkridge
Elmira
Elverson
Elyria
Enid
Enterprise
Epping
Erie
Erwin
Escondido
Española
Essex Junction
Estero
Eugene
Euless
Evans
Evansville
Everett
Fairborn
Fairfax
Fairfield
Fairview Heights
Farmingdale
Farmington
Farmington
Farmville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Federal Way
Fenton
Fern Park
Fernandina Beach
Fernley
Festus
Findlay
Flanders
Flemington
Flint
Florence
Florence
Florence
Florissant
Flower Mound
Flowood
Foley
Folsom
Fontana
Forest City
Forney
Forsyth
Fort Collins
Fort Mill
Fort Myers
Fort Oglethorpe
Fort Payne
Fort Smith
Fort Walton Beach
Fort Wayne
Fort Worth
Fountain
Framingham
Frankfort
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Franklin
Frederick
Fredericksburg
Fremont
Fremont
Fresno
Frisco
Front Royal
Fultondale
Gadsden
Gaffney
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gainesville
Gaithersburg
Galax
Galesburg
Gallatin
Garden City
Garland
Garner
Garysburg
Gastonia
Gautier
Gaylord
Geneva
Georgetown
Gibsonia
Gilbert
Gilford
Gilroy
Glasgow
Glen Burnie
Glen Carbon
Glendale
Glenmont
Glenville
Glenwood Springs
Gloucester
Goldsboro
Gonzales
Goodyear
Goose Creek
Gordonsville
Goshen
Granbury
Grand Forks
Grand Junction
Grand Ledge
Grand Rapids
Grandville
Granite City
Graysville
Greeley
Greeneville
Greenland
Greensboro
Greensburg
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenville
Greenwood Village
Greer
Griffin
Grove
Gulf Breeze
Gulfport
Guntersville
Gurnee
Hackettstown
Hadley
Hagerstown
Haines City
Halfmoon
Hamburg
Hamburg
Hamilton
Hamilton
Hammond
Hampstead
Hampton
Hanford
Hannibal
Hanover
Harper Woods
Harriman
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartselle
Hartsville
Harvey
Hatfield
Hattiesburg
Havertown
Hawthorne
Hazard
Heath
Helena
Hemet
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Henderson
Hendersonville
Hendersonville
Henrico
Herkimer
Hermitage
Hermitage
Hialeah
Hibbing
Hickory
Hicksville
High Point
Highland
Highland
Highland Heights
Hilliard
Hillsboro
Hillsboro
Hillsborough
Hinesville
Hixson
Hobbs
Holland
Hollister
Holmdel Township
Homestead
Homewood
Honolulu
Hoover
Hope Mills
Hopkinsville
Hornell
Hot Springs
Houma
Houston
Howell
Howell Township
Huber Heights
Hudson
Hudson
Humble
Huntersville
Huntington Beach
Huntsville
Hurst
Hutchinson
Hutto
Idaho Falls
Independence
Indian Trail
Indiana
Indianapolis
Inverness
Irvine
Irving
Ithaca
Jackson
Jackson
Jackson
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jacksonville
Jasper
Jefferson
Jefferson City
Jefferson City
Jensen Beach
Johnson City
Johnstown
Jonesboro
Jonesborough
Joplin
Kahului
Kailua-Kona
Kalamazoo
Kalispell
Kannapolis
Kansas City
Katy
Keizer
Keller
Kennesaw
Kennewick
Kenosha
Kent
Kent
Kentwood
Kernersville
Kerrville
Kill Devil Hills
Killeen
Kimball
Kingsland
Kingsport
Kingston
Kingston
Kingsville
Kingwood
Kinston
Kirkland
Kirkwood
Kissimmee
Knightdale
Knoxville
Kokomo
Kyle
La Habra
La Plata
La Quinta
La Vale
Lacey
Lady Lake
Lafayette
Lafayette
LaFollette
Lake City
Lake Elsinore
Lake in the Hills
Lake Jackson
Lake Park
Lake Saint Louis
Lake Wales
Lakeland
Lakewood
Lakewood
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Lancaster
Langhorne
Lansdale
Lansing
Laredo
Largo
Las Cruces
Las Vegas
Latham
Latrobe
Laurel
Laurel
Laurinburg
Lawnside
Lawrenceburg
Lawton
Layton
League City
Leander
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon
Leeds
Leesburg
Leesburg
Leesville
Lehi
Lenoir
Leominster
Lewes
Lewisburg
Lewistown
Lewisville
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Lexington
Liberty
Lilburn
Lima
Lincoln
Lincoln
Lincolnton
Lincolnwood
Lindale
Lisbon
Lithonia
Little Elm
Little Rock
Littleton
Littleton
Live Oak
Livermore
Liverpool
Livingston
Lodi
Logan
Logan
Loganville
London
Long Beach
Longmont
Lorain
Los Lunas
Louisville
Louisville
Loveland
Lowell
Lubbock
Ludington
Lufkin
Lumberton
Lumberton
Lutz
Lynchburg
Lynnwood
Macedon
Machesney Park
Macon
Madison
Madison
Madison
Madison Heights
Madison Heights
Madisonville
Manahawkin
Manassas
Manchester
Manitowoc
Mankato
Mansfield
Mansfield
Mansfield
Maple Grove
Maple Shade Township
Maplewood
Marble Falls
Marianna
Marietta
Marietta
Marion
Marion
Marion
Marquette
Marrero
Marshall
Martinsville
Marysville
Mason
Massillon
Matamoras
Matthews
Mayfield
Mayodan
Maysville
McAlester
McAllen
McComb
McDonough
McKinney
McMinnville
McMinnville
Mebane
Mechanicsburg
Mechanicsville
Medford
Medford
Melbourne
Memphis
Menifee
Mentor
Meridian
Meridian
Merrillville
Mesa
Mesquite
Metairie
Miami
Michigan City
Middleburg
Middletown
Middletown
Middletown
Midland
Midland
Midwest City
Milan
Milford
Milford
Milford
Mill Creek
Mill Hall
Milledgeville
Millington
Millsboro
Millville
Milwaukie
Minersville
Mira Loma
Mishawaka
Missoula
Missouri City
Moberly
Mobile
Mocksville
Moline
Monaca
Monett
Monroe
Monroe
Monroe
Monroeville
Montgomery
Montoursville
Moore
Mooresville
Mooresville
Morehead
Morehead City
Moreno Valley
Morganton
Morgantown
Morganville
Morristown
Moultrie
Mount Airy
Mount Juliet
Mount Pleasant
Mount Pocono
Mount Sterling
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon
Mt. Dora
Mt. Pleasant
Mt. Vernon
Muncie
Munhall
Murfreesboro
Murphy
Murphy
Murray
Murray
Murrieta
Muscle Shoals
Muskegon
Muskogee
Myrtle Beach
Nacogdoches
Nampa
Nanuet
Naperville
Naples
Nashua
Nashville
Neosho
New Albany
New Bern
New Braunfels
New Carrollton
New Castle
New Castle
New Hartford
New Haven
New Hudson
New Iberia
New Lenox
New Orleans
New Philadelphia
New Port Richey
New York
Newberry
Newburgh
Newington
Newnan
Newport
Newport News
Newton
Nicholasville
Niles
Noblesville
Norcross
Norfolk
Norman
North Attleboro
North Augusta
North Bergen
North Canton
North Charleston
North Dartmouth
North East
North Las Vegas
North Little Rock
North Myrtle Beach
North Port
North Providence
North Smithfield
North Vernon
North Windham
Northbrook
Northfield
Northglenn
Northport
Northridge
Norwalk
Norwalk
Norwich
Oak Park Heights
Oakland
Oakland Park
Oaks
Ocala
Oceanside
Odessa
Ogden
Ogdensburg
Oklahoma City
Olathe
Olive Branch
Olympia
Omaha
Oneida
Oneonta
Ontario
Opelika
Opelousas
Orange
Orange City
Orange Park
Orangeburg
Orangeburg
Orchard Park
Orem
Orland Park
Orlando
Osage Beach
Oshkosh
Oswego
Oviedo
Owasso
Owatonna
Owens Cross Roads
Owensboro
Oxford
Oxnard
Ozark
Pace
Pacoima
Paducah
Paintsville
Palatka
Palm Bay
Palm Coast
Palm Desert
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Palmyra
Panama City
Panama City Beach
Papillion
Paramus
Paris
Parker
Parkersburg
Parkville
Pasadena
Paso Robles
Paterson
Pearland
Pembroke
Pembroke Pines
Pensacola
Peoria
Peoria
Perrysburg
Petal
Petoskey
Pharr
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Phillipsburg
Phoenix
Pico Rivera
Pikeville
Pine Bluff
Pinellas Park
Pineville
Piscataway
Pittsboro
Pittsburgh
Pittston
Plainfield
Plainville
Plainville
Plano
Plant City
Plattsburgh
Pleasant View
Plover
Plymouth
Plymouth
Plymouth Meeting
Pocatello
Pompano Beach
Ponca City
Pooler
Port Arthur
Port Charlotte
Port Orange
Port Orchard
Port Saint Lucie
Portage
Portage
Porterville
Portland
Portland
Portsmouth
Potsdam
Pottstown
Pottsville
Poughkeepsie
Poway
Prattville
Prescott
Presque Isle
Princeton
Princeton
Prosper
Pueblo
Puyallup
Quakertown
Queensbury
Quincy
Quincy
Radford
Raleigh
Rancho Cordova
Rancho Cucamonga
Rancho Santa Margarita
Rapid City
Raymore
Raynham
Reading
Redding
Redlands
Redmond
Reidsville
Reno
Renton
Republic
Reynoldsburg
Richardson
Richmond
Ridgeland
Rincon
Rio Grande
Rio Rancho
Riverdale
Riverhead
Riverside
Riverton
Roanoke
Roanoke Rapids
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester
Rochester Hills
Rock Hill
Rockford
Rockingham
Rockledge
Rockwall
Rocky Mount
Rocky Mount
Rocky River
Roeland Park
Rolla
Rome
Roseburg
Rosedale
Rosenberg
Roseville
Round Rock
Roxboro
Royal Palm Beach
Ruckersville
Russellville
Ruston
Saginaw
Saint Charles
Saint Clairsville
Saint George
Saint Paul
Saint Robert
Salem
Salem
Salem
Salina
Salinas
Salisbury
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Angelo
San Antonio
San Bruno
San Clemente
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
Sandusky
Sandy
Sandy Springs
Sanford
Santa Clarita
Santa Fe
Santa Maria
Santee
Sarasota
Saratoga Springs
Saugus
Savannah
Savannah
Sayre
Scarborough
Schenectady
Schererville
Schertz
Scottsdale
Seabrook
Seaford
Searcy
Seattle
Sebring
Sedalia
Seekonk
Selinsgrove
Seneca
Severn
Sevierville
Sewell
Shakopee
Shallotte
Shawnee
Shelby
Shelbyville
Shelbyville
Shepherdsville
Sherman
Shippensburg
Show Low
Shreveport
Sicklerville
Sidney
Sierra Vista
Sikeston
Siloam Springs
Silverdale
Silverthorne
Simi Valley
Simpsonville
Sinking Spring
Sioux City
Sioux Falls
Smithfield
Smyrna
Snellville
Somerset
Somerset
Sonora
South Bend
South Boston
South Burlington
South Charleston
South Lebanon
South San Francisco
South Sanford
Southaven
Southern Pines
Southfield
Southgate
Southington
Southlake
Southport
Southwest Ranches
Sparks
Spartanburg
Spokane
Spokane Valley
Spring
Spring Hill
Spring Hill
Springdale
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springfield
Springville
St Louis
St. Charles
St. Joseph
St. Petersburg
Stafford
Starkville
State College
Statesboro
Statesville
Staunton
Sterling
Sterling Heights
Steubenville
Stockbridge
Stockton
Stony Brook
Stow
Streetsboro
Strongsville
Stuart
Suffolk
Sugar Land
Sullivan
Sulphur
Summersville
Summerville
Sumter
Sunnyvale
Sunrise
Surprise
Suwanee
Sylva
Syracuse
Tacoma
Tahlequah
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tappahannock
Tarboro
Tarentum
Tarpon Springs
Temecula
Tempe
Temple
Terre Haute
Texarkana
Texas City
The Woodlands
Thibodaux
Thomaston
Thomasville
Tiffin
Tifton
Tigard
Tilton
Timonium
Titusville
Toledo
Tomball
Toms River
Topeka
Torrance
Traverse City
Trevose
Trotwood
Troutman
Troy
Troy
Tucson
Tukwila
Tulare
Tullahoma
Tulsa
Tupelo
Turlock
Turnersville
Tuscaloosa
Tustin
Twin Falls
Tyler
Union
Union City
Uniontown
Upland
Upper Marlboro
Utica
Vacaville
Valdosta
Vallejo
Van Buren
Vancouver
Venice
Ventura
Vernon Hills
Vero Beach
Vestal
Victoria
Victorville
Vidalia
Vienna
Vincennes
Virginia Beach
Visalia
Vista
Voorhees Township
Wadsworth
Waipahu
Wake Forest
Waldorf
Wallingford
Wapakoneta
Ware
Wareham
Warner Robins
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warrensburg
Warrington
Warsaw
Warwick
Washington
Washington
Washington
Washington
Waterford
Waterloo
Watertown
Wauwatosa
Waveland
Waxhaw
Waycross
Waynesboro
Waynesboro
Waynesville
Weaverville
Webster
Webster
Wenatchee
Wentzville
West Bountiful
West Bridgewater
West Carrollton City
West Chester
West Columbia
West Des Moines
West Hazleton
West Hills
West Jordan
West Mifflin
West Sacramento
West Valley City
Westborough
Westland
Westminster
Westminster
Wetumpka
Wheelersburg
Wheeling
White House
White Lake
Whitehall
Whiteville
Wichita
Wichita Falls
Wildwood
Wilkes Barre
Wilkesboro
Williamsburg
Williamsville
Willoughby
Willow Grove
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilson
Winchester
Windham Center
Winston-Salem
Winter Garden
Winter Haven
Winterville
Wise
Woburn
Wood Village
Woodbridge
Woodbridge
Woodhaven
Woodstock
Woodstock
Wooster
Worcester
Wytheville
Xenia
Yakima
Yonkers
York
York
Youngstown
Yuba City
Yukon
Yuma
Zanesville
Zephyrhills
Zionsville Location Name
Select
Abbeville, LA
Abilene, TX
Abingdon, VA
Abington, MA
Acworth, GA
Adrian, MI
Aiken, SC
Alabaster, AL
Alachua, FL
Alamo Ranch, TX
Alamogordo, NM
Albany (Northway Mall), NY
Albany, GA
Albany, OR
Albemarle, NC
Alexandria, LA
Alexandria, VA
Aliso Viejo, CA
Allegany, MD
Allen Park, MI
Allen, TX
Alliance, OH
Alpharetta, GA
Altamonte Springs, FL
Alton, IL
Altoona, IA
Altoona, PA
Amarillo, TX
Americus, GA
Ames, IA
Amherst, NH
Amsterdam, NY
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Anderson, IN
Anderson, SC
Apache Junction, AZ
Apex, NC
Apopka, FL
Apple Valley, CA
Aransas Pass, TX
Ardmore, OK
Arlington Heights, IL
Arnold, MO
Arvada, CO
Asheboro, NC
Ashtabula, OH
Atascocita, TX
Athens, AL
Athens, GA
Athens, OH
Athens, TN
Atlanta-Edgewood, GA
Auburn, ME
Auburn, NY
Auburn, WA
Auburndale, FL
Augusta, GA
Augusta, ME
Aurora, CO
Austell, GA
Austin, TX
Avon, IN
Avon, OH
Avondale, PA
Bakersfield, CA
Ballwin, MO
Bangor, ME
Bardstown, KY
Bartlesville, OK
Bartow, FL
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, MS
Battle Creek, MI
Bay Shore, NY
Baybrook, TX
Bayonne, NJ
Baytown, TX
Bear, DE
Beaufort, SC
Beaumont, TX
Beavercreek, OH
Beckley, WV
Bedford Heights, OH
Bedford, IN
Bedford, NH
Bedford, VA
Bee Cave, TX
Beech Grove, IN
Belle Vernon, PA
Bellefontaine, OH
Belleville, IL
Bellingham, WA
Belmont, NC
Bend, OR
Bensalem Township, PA
Benton Harbor, MI
Bessemer, AL
Bethel Park, PA
Bethlehem, PA
Big Flats, NY
Big Rapids, MI
Billings, MT
Binghamton, NY
Bismarck, ND
Bixby, OK
Blaine, MN
Bloomfield, CT
Bloomington, IL
Bloomington, IN
Bloomsburg, PA
Blount County, TN
Bluefield, VA
Bluffton, IN
Bluffton, SC
Blytheville, AR
Boardman, OH
Boiling Springs, SC
Boise, ID
Bolingbrook, IL
Bonney Lake, WA
Boone, NC
Bossier City, LA
Bowie, MD
Bowling Green, KY
Boynton Beach, FL
Bozeman, MT
Bradenton, FL
Brandon, FL
Bremerton, WA
Brenham, TX
Brevard, NC
Brewer, ME
Brick Township, NJ
Bridgeton, MO
Brighton, CO
Brimfield Township, OH
Bristol, TN
Bristol, VA
Brockport, NY
Brockton, MA
Broken Arrow, OK
Brooklyn, NY
Brooklyn, NY - Kings Plaza
Brooklyn, OH
Brooksville, FL
Brownsburg, IN
Brownsville, TX
Brunswick, GA
Brunswick, ME
Bryan, TX
Bryant, AR
Buchanan, WI
Buckhannon, WV
Buford, GA
Bunker Hill, TX
Burbank, CA
Burleson, TX
Burlington, IA
Burlington, NC
Butler, NJ
Butler, PA
C. Henderson, NV
C. Indianapolis, IN
C. Las Vegas, NV
C. San Jose, CA
C. Tucson, AZ
Camden County, GA
Camden, DE
Camden, SC
Camillus, NY
Camp Creek, GA
Campbellsville, KY
Canandaigua, NY
Canton, GA
Canton, MI
Canton, OH
Cape Carteret, NC
Cape Coral, FL
Cape Girardeau, MO
Cape May, NJ
Carbondale, IL
Carefree, AZ
Carlisle, PA
Carlsbad, CA
Carlsbad, NM
Carmel, IN
Carol Stream, IL
Carrollton, GA
Carrollton, TX
Carson City, NV
Cartersville, GA
Carthage, MO
Cary, NC
Casa Grande, AZ
Castle Rock, CO
Catskill, NY
Cedar Rapids, IA
Central Albuquerque, NM
Central Austin, TX
Central Bradenton, FL
Central Charlotte, NC
Central Colorado Springs, CO
Central Columbus, OH
Central Dallas, TX
Central Louisville, KY
Central New Orleans, LA
Central Oklahoma City, OK
Central Omaha, NE
Central Richmond, VA
Central Tampa, FL
Central Ventura, CA
Central, SC
Chambersburg, PA
Chamblee, GA
Champaign, IL
Chantilly, VA
Chapel Hill, NC
Charles County, MD
Charlotte - Northlake Mall, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Chattanooga, TN
Chesapeake, VA
Chester, NY
Chester, VA
Chesterfield, MO
Cheyenne, WY
Cheyenne, WY RDC
Chicago - Wicker Park, IL
Chicago (83Rd & Stewart), IL
Chicago, IL
Chicago-Brickyard, IL
Chico, CA
Chillicothe, MO
Chillicothe, OH
Chino Hills, CA
Christiansburg, VA
Cicero, NY
Cinco Ranch, TX
Citrus Heights, CA
Clackamas County, OR
Claremore, OK
Clarksburg, WV
Clarkstown, NY
Clarksville, IN
Clarksville, TN
Clay, NY
Clayton, NC
Clearfield, PA
Cleburne, TX
Clermont, FL
Cleveland, TN
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton, MD
Clinton, NC
Clinton, UT
Clovis, CA
Clovis, NM
Coeur D'Alene, ID
Collierville, TN
Colonie, NY
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbia, MD
Columbia, MO
Columbia, SC
Columbia, TN
Columbus, IN
Commack, NY
Commerce Township, MI
Concord, CA
Concord, NC
Concord, NH
Conroe, TX
Conway, AR
Conway, SC
Conyers, GA
Cookeville, TN
Coon Rapids, MN
COPPERFIELD, TX
Coral Springs, FL
Coralville, IA
Corbin, KY
Corinth, MS
Cornelia, GA
Corona, CA
Corpus Christi, TX
Cotati, CA
Covina, CA
Covington, LA
Cranberry Township, PA
Cranston, RI
Crestview, FL
Cromwell, CT
Crossville, TN
Crowley, LA
CSC-Kirkland
CSC-Mooresville
CSC-Wilkesboro
Cullman, AL
Culpeper, VA
Cumming, GA
Cypress, TX
Dale City, VA
Dalton, GA
Danbury, CT
Danvers, MA
Danville, IL
Danville, KY
Danville, VA
Daphne, AL
Data Ctr - San Antonio TX
Davenport, IA
Davie, FL
Dayton Mall, OH
Dayton, TN
Dayton-Trotwood, OH
De Funiak Springs, FL
De Kalb, IL
Decatur, AL
Decatur, IL
Decatur, TX
Dedham, MA
Defiance, OH
Delavan, WI
Delran, NJ
Deltona, FL
Denton, TX
Deptford Township, NJ
Derby, CT
Derby, KS
Destin, FL
D'Iberville, MS
Dickson, TN
Dothan, AL
Douglas, GA
Douglasville, GA
Dover, DE
Dublin, CA
Dublin, OH
Dubois, PA
Dubuque, IA
Durant, OK
Dyersburg, TN
E Lancaster, PA
E San Jose, CA
E. Albuquerque, NM
E. Amherst, NY
E. Asheville, NC
E. Athens, GA
E. Aurora, CO
E. Baton Rouge, LA
E. Brandon, FL
E. Brunswick, NJ
E. Caln Township, PA
E. Chandler, AZ
E. Charleston, WV
E. Charlotte, NC
E. Colorado Springs, CO
E. Columbus, OH
E. El Paso, TX
E. Ellijay, GA
E. Evansville, IN
E. Fort Worth, TX
E. Ft. Wayne, IN
E. Gilbert, AZ
E. Greenville, NC
E. Houston, TX
E. Indianapolis, IN
E. Jacksonville, FL
E. Knoxville, TN
E. Lincoln County, NC
E. Louisville, KY
E. Mesa, AZ
E. New Orleans, LA
E. Ocala, FL
E. Paducah, KY
E. Palmdale, CA
E. Peoria, IL
E. Richmond, VA
E. Rutherford, NJ
E. Santa Clarita, CA
E. Spartanburg, SC
E. Spokane Valley, WA
E. Springfield, MA
E. Stockton, CA
E. Vancouver, WA
Eagle Pass, TX
Easley, SC
East Kansas City
East Lexington, KY
East Plano, TX
East Sparks, NV
Eastlake, CA
Easton, MD
Eatontown, NJ
Edinburg, TX
Edmond, OK
Edwardsville, PA
El Centro, CA
Elizabeth City, NC
Elizabethton, TN
Elizabethtown, KY
Elk Grove, CA
Elkhart, IN
Elkin, NC
Elyria, OH
Enid, OK
Ensley, FL
Enterprise, AL
Epping, NH
Erie, PA
Erwin, NC
Escondido, CA
Espanola, NM
Essex, VT
Estero, FL
Euless, TX
Evans, GA
Everett, WA
Exeter Township, PA
Fairfax, VA
Fairfield, CA
Fairlawn, OH
Fairview Heights, IL
Farmingdale, NY
Farmington, MO
Farmington, NM
Farmville, VA
Fayetteville, AR
Fayetteville, GA
Fayetteville, NC
Fayetteville, WV
Federal Way, WA
Fenton, MO
Fern Park, FL
Fernandina Beach, FL
Fernley, NV
Festus, MO
Findlay, OH
Flemington, NJ
Flint, MI
Florence, AL
Florence, KY
Florence, SC
Florissant, MO
Flower Mound, TX
Flowood, MS
Foley, AL
Folsom, CA
Forest City, NC
Forney, TX
Fort Collins, CO
Fort Mill, SC
Fountain, CO
Framingham, MA
Frankfort, KY
Franklin Square, NC
Franklin, IN
Franklin, KY
Franklin, NC
Franklin, TN
Franklin, VA
Franklin, WI
Frederick, MD
Fredericksburg, VA
Fremont, CA
Fremont, OH
Frenchtown Township, MI
Fresno, CA
Frisco, TX
Front Royal, VA
Ft Walton Beach, FL
Ft. Gratiot, MI
Ft. Myers, FL
Ft. Oglethorpe, GA
Ft. Payne, AL
Ft. Smith, AR
Fultondale, AL
Gadsden, AL
Gaffney, SC
Gainesville, FL
Gainesville, GA
Gainesville, VA
Gaithersburg, MD
Galax, VA
Galesburg, IL
Gallatin, TN
Garden City, NY
Garland, TX
Garner, NC
Gautier, MS
Gaylord, MI
Georgetown, KY
Germantown Parkway, TN
Gilbert, AZ
Gilford, NH
Gilroy, CA
Gladstone, MO
Glasgow, KY
Glen Burnie, MD
Glen Carbon, IL
Glendale, AZ
Glenmont, NY
Glens Falls, NY
Glenville, NY
Glenwood Springs, CO
Gloucester Township, NJ
Gloucester, VA
Goldsboro, NC
Gonzales, LA
Goodyear, AZ
Goose Creek, SC
Goshen, IN
Granbury, TX
Grand Forks, ND
Grand Junction, CO
Grand Ledge, MI Flatbed Dist
Grandville, MI
Granite City, IL
Graysville, AL
Greece, NY
Greeley, CO
Green, OH
Greeneville, TN
Greenland, NH
Greenport, NY
Greensburg, PA
Greenville, NC
Greenville, OH
Greenville, SC
Greenville, TX
Greenwood Village, CO
Greer, SC
Griffin, GA
Grove, OK
Gulf Breeze, FL
Gulfport, MS
Guntersville, AL
Gurnee, IL
Hackettstown, NJ
Hadley, MA
Hagerstown RDC
Hagerstown, MD
Haines City, FL
Halfmoon, NY
Hamburg, NY
Hamburg, PA
Hamilton, NJ
Hamilton, OH
Hammond, LA
Hampton Township, NJ
Hampton, VA
Hanford, CA
Hannibal, MO
Hanover, PA
Happy Valley, AZ
Harper Woods, MI
Harriman, TN
Harrisburg, PA
Harrisonburg, VA
Hartselle, AL
Hartsville, SC
Harvey, LA
Hatfield, PA
Hattiesburg, MS
Havertown, PA
Hawthorne, CA
Hazard, KY
Hazleton, PA
Heath, OH
Helena, MT
Hemet, CA
Henderson, KY
Henderson, NC
Henderson, NV
Henderson, TX
Hendersonville, NC
Hendersonville, TN
Henrietta, NY
Herkimer, NY
Hermitage, PA
Hermitage, TN
Hibbing, MN
Hickory, NC
Hicksville, NY
Highland Heights, KY
Highland, CA
Hillsboro, OH
Hillsboro, OR
Hillsborough, NJ
Hinesville, GA
Hobbs, NM
Holland, MI
Hollister, MO
Holmdel, NJ
Homestead, FL
Homestead, PA
Homewood, AL
Hoover, AL
Hope Mills, NC
Hopkinsville, KY
Hornell, NY
Hot Springs, AR
Houma, LA
Howell, MI
Howell, Nj
Huber Heights, OH
Hudson, MA
Huntersville, NC
Huntington Beach, CA
Huntsville, AL
Hurst, TX
Hutchinson, KS
Hutto, TX
Idaho Falls, ID
Import Sourcing
Independence, MO
Indian Land, SC
Indian Trail, NC
Indiana, PA
Inverness, AL
Inverness, FL
Irmo, SC
Irvine, CA
Irving, TX
Ithaca, NY
Iwilei - Honolulu, HI
Jackson, MS
Jackson, TN
Jacksonville, AR
Jacksonville, NC
James Island, SC
Jasper, TX
Jefferson City, MO
Jefferson City, TN
Jefferson Highway, LA
Jensen Beach, FL
John's Creek, GA
Johnson City, TN
Johnstown, PA
Jonesboro, AR
Jonesborough, TN
Joplin, MO
Jordan Creek, IA
Kahului, HI
Kalamazoo, MI
Kalispell, MT
Kankakee, IL
Katy, TX
Keizer, OR
Keller, TX
Kendall, FL
Kennewick, WA
Kenosha, WI
Kent, WA
Kentwood, MI
Kernersville, NC
Kerrville, TX
Kill Devil Hills, NC
Killeen, TX
Kimball, TN
Kingsport, TN
Kingston, MA
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kinston, NC
Kirkwood, MO
Knightdale, NC
Kokomo, IN
Kona, HI
Kyle, TX
La Follette, TN
La HAbra, CA
La Plata, MD
La Quinta, CA
Lacamas Lake, WA
Lady Lake, FL
Lafayette, IN
Lafayette, LA
Lake City, FL
Lake County, FL
Lake Elsinore, CA
Lake In The Hills, IL
Lake Jackson, TX
Lake Nona, FL
Lake Park, FL
Lake St. Louis, MO
Lake Wales, FL
Lake Worth, TX
Lakeland, FL
Lakewood, CO
Lakewood, WA
Lancaster, CA
Lancaster, OH
Laredo, TX
Largo, FL
Largo, MD
Las Cruces, NM
Las Vegas, NV
Latrobe, PA
Laurel, MD
Laurel, MS
Laurinburg, NC
Lawnside, NJ
Lawrenceburg, IN
Lawton, OK
Layton, UT
League City, TX
Leander, TX
Lebanon, MO
Lebanon, OR RDC
Lebanon, PA
Lebanon, TN
Leebsurg, VA
Leeds, AL
Leesville, LA
Lehi, UT
Lenoir, NC
Leominster, MA
Lewisburg, WV
Lewistown, PA
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, KY
Lexington, NC
Lexington, SC
Lexington, VA
Liberty, MO
Lima, OH
Lincolnton, NC
Lincolnwood, IL
Lindale, TX
Lisbon, CT
Little Elm, TX
Littleton, CO
Littleton, NH
Live Oak, FL
Livermore, CA
Livingston, TX
Lloyd, NY
Lock Haven, PA
Lodi, CA
Logan, UT
Logan, WV
Loganville, GA
London, KY
Longmont, CO
Lorain, OH
Los Lunas, NM
Louisville, CO
Loveland, CO
Lowell, MA
Lowe's Central Delivery Term
Lowe's Central NC RDC
Lowes CSC Indianapolis
Lowe's FDC #1430
Lowe's Franklin County RDC
Lowe's Indiana RDC
Lowe's NorthHampton County RDC
Lowe's of Land O' Lakes, FL
Lowe's of Brookhaven, PA
Lowe's of Norwalk, Ct
Lowe's Ohio RDC
Lowe's Rome, GA RDC 1457
Lubbock, TX
Ludington, MI
Lufkin, TX
Lumberton, NC
Lynchburg, VA
Lynnwood, WA
Lyon Township, MI
Macedon, NY
Macedonia, OH
Machesney Park, IL
Macon, GA
Madison Heights, MI
Madison Heights, VA
Madison, AL
Madison, MS
Madison, TN
Madisonville, KY
Manahawkin, NJ
Manchester Township, NJ
Manchester, CT
Manitowoc, WI
Mankato, MN
Mansfield, PA
Mansfield, TX
Mantua Township, NJ
Maple Grove, MN
Maple Shade, NJ
Maplewood, MO
Marana, AZ
Marble Falls, TX
Marianna, FL
Marietta, OH
Marion, IN
Marion, NC
Marion, OH
Marlboro, NJ
Marquette, MI
Marrero, LA
Marshall, TX
Martell, CA
Martinsville, VA
Marysville, OH
Mason, OH
Massillon, OH
Matamoras, PA
Mayfield, KY
Mayodan, NC
Maysville, KY
Mcalester, OK
McCandless Township, PA
Mccomb, MS
McDonough, GA
McKinney, TX
McMinnville, OR
McMinnville, TN
Mebane, NC
Mechanicsburg, PA
Mechanicsville, VA
Medford, NY
Medford, OR
Melbourne, FL
Memphis, TN
Menifee, CA
Mentor, OH
Meridian, ID
Meridian, MS
Merrillville, IN
Mesquite, TX
Metairie, LA
Michigan City, IN
Middleburg, FL
Middletown Township, PA
Middletown, DE
Middletown, NY
Middletown, OH
Midland, MI
Midland, TX
Midlothian, VA
Midwest City, OK
Milan, TN
Milford, CT
Milford, MA
Milford-Miami Township, OH
Mill Creek, WA
Milledgeville, GA
Millington, TN
Millsboro, DE
Millville, NJ
Milton, FL
Mira Loma, CA
Mishawaka, IN
Mission Valley, CA
Missoula, MT
Missouri City, TX
Moberly, MO
Mobile, AL
Mocksville, NC
Moline, IL
Monaca, PA
Monett, MO
Monroe, LA
Monroe, WA
Monroeville, PA
Montgomeryville, PA
Montoursville, PA
Moore, OK
Mooresville, IN
Mooresville, NC
Morehead City, NC
Morehead, KY
Moreno Valley, CA
Morganton, NC
Morgantown, PA
Morgantown, WV
Morristown, TN
Moultrie, GA
Mt Juliet, TN
Mt. Airy, NC
Mt. Dora, FL
Mt. Holly, NJ
Mt. Olive, NJ
Mt. Pleasant, SC
Mt. Pleasant, TX
Mt. Pocono, PA
Mt. Sterling, KY
Mt. Vernon, Il
Mt. Vernon, OH
Muncie, IN
Murfreesboro, TN
Murphy, NC
Murphy, TX
Murray, KY
Murray, UT
Murrieta, CA
Muscle Shoals, AL
Muskegon, MI
Muskogee, OK
Myrtle Beach, SC
N E El Paso, TX
N Nashville, TN
N Providence, RI
N Smithfield, RI
N W Wichita, KS
N York County, SC
N. Abilene, TX
N. Alpharetta, GA
N. Anniston, AL
N. Augusta, SC
N. Baton Rouge, LA
N. Bentonville, AR
N. Cary, NC
N. Central Houston, TX
N. Chattanooga, TN
N. Chesterfield, MI
N. Columbus, GA
N. Columbus, OH
N. Concord, NC
N. Conway, NH
N. Dartmouth, MA
N. Dothan, AL
N. Durham, NC
N. E. Dallas, TX
N. E. Sarasota, FL
N. El Paso, TX
N. Fayetteville, NC
N. Fontana, CA
N. Frederick, MD
N. Ft Wayne, IN
N. Hagerstown, MD
N. Hickory, NC
N. Jacksonville, FL
N. Kansas City, MO
N. Kissimmee, FL
N. Knoxville, TN
N. Lafayette, LA
N. Lakeland, FL
N. Lakewood, CO
N. Las Vegas, NV
N. Lincoln, CA
N. Little Rock, AR
N. Manassas, VA
N. McAllen, TX
N. Mt Pleasant, SC
N. Oklahoma City, OK
N. Peoria, AZ
N. Phoenix, AZ
N. Raleigh, NC
N. Richland County, SC
N. Richmond, VA
N. Roseville, CA
N. San Antonio, TX
N. Seattle, WA
N. Spokane
N. Springfield, IL
N. Springfield, MO
N. Stockton, CA
N. Toledo, OH
N. Visalia, CA
N. W. Amarillo, TX
N. Wilmington, DE
N. Winchester, VA
N. Windham, ME
N.E. Albuquerque, NM
N.E. Anchorage, AK
N.E. Austin, TX
N.E. Bakersfield, CA
N.E. Central San Antonio, TX
N.E. Columbia, SC
N.E. Columbus, OH
N.E. Ft. Myers, FL
N.E. Grand Rapids, MI
N.E. Greensboro, NC
N.E. Indianapolis, IN
N.E. Jacksonville, FL
N.E. Long Beach, CA
N.E. Louisville, KY
N.E. Philadelphia, PA
N.E. Pittsburgh, PA
N.E. San Antonio, TX
N.W. Austin, TX
N.W. Central San Antonio, TX
N.W. Cincinnati, OH
N.W. Greenville, SC
N.W. Houston, TX
N.W. Las Vegas, NV
N.W. Macon, GA
N.W. Miami/Dade, FL
N.W. Omaha, NE
N.W. Staten Island, NY
N.W. Tallahassee, FL
Nacogdoches, TX
Nampa, ID
Naperville, IL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
Nashville, TN DFC
Neosho, MO
New Albany, MS
New Bern, NC
New Braunfels, TX
New Carrollton, MD
New Hartford, NY
New Haven, CT
New Iberia, LA
New Lenox, IL
New Philadelphia, OH
Newberry, SC
Newburgh, NY
Newington, CT
Newnan, GA
Newport News, VA
Newport, TN
Nicholasville, KY
Niles, MI
Nitro, WV
Noblesville, IN
Norcross, GA
Norfolk, VA
Norman, OK
North Attleboro, MA
North Bergen, NJ
North Charleston, SC
North Charlotte, NC
North Dallas, TX
North East, MD
North Greensboro, NC
North High Point, NC
North Myrtle Beach, SC
North Port , AL
North Port, FL
North Winston, NC
Northbrook, IL
Northglenn, CO
Northridge, CA
Norwalk, CA
Norwich, NY
Norwood, OH
NW Charleston, SC
Nw Indianapolis, IN
Oak Grove Village, MO
Oak Park Heights, MN
Oakland Park, FL
Oakland, MD
Oaks, PA
Oceanside, CA
Ocotillo, AZ
Odessa, TX
O'Fallon, MO
Ogden, UT
Ogdensburg, NY
Olathe, KS
Oldsmar, FL
Olive Branch, MS
Olympia, WA
Oneida, NY
Oneonta, NY
Ontario, CA
Ontario, OH
Opelika, AL
Opelousas, LA
Orange City, FL
Orange Park, FL
Orange, CT
Orangeburg, NY
Orangeburg, SC
Orchard Park, NY
Orem, UT
Orland Park, IL
Osage Beach, MO
Oshkosh, WI
Oswego, NY
Oviedo, FL
Owasso, OK
Owatonna, MN
Owensboro, KY
Oxford, AL
Oxnard, CA
Ozark, MO
Pacoima, CA
Paducah, KY
Paintsville, KY
Palatka, FL
Palm Bay, FL
Palm Coast, FL
Palm Desert, CA
Palm Springs, CA
Palmdale, CA
Palmyra, PA
Panama City Beach, FL
Panama City, FL
Papillion, NE
Paramus, NJ
Paris, TN
Parker, CO
Parkville, MD
Pasadena, TX
Paso Robles, CA
Patchogue, NY
Paterson, NJ
Pearland, TX
Pembroke Pines, FL
Pembroke, MA
Pennsylvania RDC
Pensacola, FL
Peoria, AZ
Peoria, IL
Perrysburg, OH
Petal, MS
Petoskey, MI
Pharr, TX
Philadelphia, MS
Philadelphia, PA - Aramingo Av
Phillipsburg, NJ
Pico Rivera, CA
Pikeville, KY
Pine Bluff, AR
Pinellas Park, FL
Pineville, LA
Pineville, NC
Piscataway, NJ
Pittsboro, NC
Pittston, PA RDC
Plainfield, Connecticut RDC
Plainville, CT
Plainville, MA
Plant City, FL
Plattsburgh, NY
Plover, WI
Plymouth Meeting, PA
Plymouth, IN
Plymouth, MN
Pocatello, ID
Poinciana, FL RDC
Pompano Beach, FL
Ponca City, OK
Pooler, GA
Port Arthur, TX
Port Charlotte, FL
Port Orange, FL
Port Orchard, WA
Port Richey, FL
Portage, IN
Portage, MI
Porterville, CA
Portland, ME
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portland-Delta Park, OR
Portsmouth, VA
Potsdam, NY
Pottstown, PA
Pottsville, PA
Poughkeepsie, NY
Poway, CA
Prattville, AL
Prescott, AZ
Presque Isle, ME
Princeton, WV
Prosper, TX
Pueblo, CO
Puente Hills, CA
Puyallup, WA
Quakertown, PA
Quincy, IL
Quincy, MA
Radford, VA
Rainier, WA
Rancho Cordova, CA
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Rapid City, Sd
Raymore, MO
Raynham, MA
Reading, PA
Redding, CA
Redlands, CA
Redmond, OR
Reidsville, NC
Reno, NV
Renton, WA
Republic, MO
Reynoldsburg, OH
Richardson, TX
Richland Township, PA
Ridgeland, MS
Rincon, GA
Rio Rancho, NM
Riverdale, UT
Riverhead-South, NY
Riverside, CA
Riverton, UT
Roanoke Rapids, NC
Roanoke, VA
Robinson Township, PA
Rochester Hills, MI
Rochester, MN
Rochester, NH
Rock Hill, SC
Rockford, IL
Rockingham, NC
Rockledge, FL
Rockwall, TX
Rocky Mount, NC
Rocky Mount, VA
Rocky River, OH
Roeland Park, KS
Rolla, MO
Rome, NY
Roseburg, OR
Rosedale, NY
Rosenberg, TX
Round Rock, TX
Roxboro, NC
Royal Oaks, TX
Royal Palm Beach, FL
Ruckersville, VA
Russell, KY
Russellville, AR
Ruston, LA
S Durham, NC
S Lebanon, OH
S W Gainesville, FL
S. Anchorage, AK
S. Anderson, SC
S. Antioch, CA
S. Arlington, TX
S. Asheville, NC
S. Bakersfield, CA
S. Baton Rouge, LA
S. Bel Air, MD
S. Burlington, VT
S. Central Jacksonville, FL
S. Charleston, WV
S. Charlotte, NC
S. Chino Hills, CA
S. Clarksville, TN
S. Clearwater, FL
S. Clinton Township, MI
S. Columbus, OH
S. Dekalb-Lithonia, GA
S. Fayetteville, AR
S. Florence, SC
S. Ft. Worth, TX
S. Indianapolis, IN
S. Jackson, TN
S. Jacksonville, FL
S. Jacksonville, NC
S. Kansas City, MO
S. Knoxville, TN
S. Lacey, WA
S. Lansing, MI
S. Lexington, KY
S. Lincoln, NE
S. Louisville, KY
S. McKinney, TX
S. Meridian, ID
S. Montgomery, AL
S. Morgantown, WV
S. Myrtle Beach, SC
S. Naples, FL
S. Nashua, NH
S. Oklahoma City, OK
S. Orlando, FL
S. Parkersburg, WV
S. Philadelphia, PA
S. Phoenix, AZ
S. Pueblo, CO
S. Reading, PA
S. Roanoke, VA
S. San Antonio, TX
S. San Francisco, CA
S. Scottsdale, AZ
S. St. Louis, MO
S. Stafford, VA
S. Staten Island, NY
S. Tampa, FL
S. W. Concord, NC
S. W. Orlando, FL
S. Wilmington, NC
S. Winston-Salem, NC
S.E. Aurora, CO
S.E. Austin, TX
S.E. Charlotte, NC
S.E. Cincinnati, OH
S.E. Columbia, SC
S.E. Columbus, OH
S.E. Greensboro, NC
S.E. Houston, TX
S.E. Lexington County, SC
S.E. Memphis, TN
S.E. Orlando, FL
S.W. Augusta, GA
S.W. Charlotte, NC
S.W. Columbus, OH
S.W. Dallas, TX
S.W. Greensboro, NC
S.W. Louisville, KY
S.W. Marion County, FL
S.W. Mobile, AL
S.W. Omaha, NE
S.W. Pensacola, FL
S.W. Toledo, OH
S.W. Tucson, AZ
Saginaw, MI
Salem, NH
Salem, OR
Salem, VA
Salina, KS
Salinas, CA
Salisbury, MD
Salisbury, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Bruno, CA
San Clemente, CA
San Dimas, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Marcos, TX
Sandusky, OH
Sandy Springs, GA
Sandy, UT
Sanford, NC
Sanford,ME
Santa Clarita, CA
Santa Fe, NM
Santa Maria, CA
Santee, CA
Sarasota, FL
Saratoga Springs, NY
Saugus, MA
Savannah, TN
Sayre, PA
Scarborough, ME
Schenectady, NY
Schererville, IN
Schertz, TX
Scio Township, MI
Scott Township, PA
Scottsdale, AZ
Scranton, PA
SE Huntsville, AL
SE San Antonio, TX
SE Shreveport, LA
Seabrook, NH
Seaford, DE
Searcy, AR
Sebring, FL
Sedalia, MO
Seekonk, MA
Seneca, SC
Severn, MD
Sevierville, TN
Shakopee, MN
Shallotte, NC
Shawnee, KS
Shelby, NC
Shelbyville, KY
Shelbyville, TN
Shepherdsville, KY
Sherman, TX
Shippensburg, PA
Short Pump, VA
Show Low, AZ
Shreveport, LA
Sidney, OH
Sierra Vista, AZ
Sikeston, MO
Siloam Springs, AR
Silverdale, WA
Silverthorne, CO
Simi Valley, CA
Simpsonville, SC
Sioux City, IA
Sioux Falls, SD
Smithfield, NC
Smokey Point, WA
Smyrna, TN
Snellville, GA
Somerset, KY
Somerset, PA
Sonora, CA
South Bend, IN
South Boston, VA
South Richmond, VA
South Savannah, GA
Southaven, MS
Southern Pines, NC
Southfield, MI
Southgate, MI
Southington, CT
Southlake, TX
Southport, NC
Spartanburg, SC
Spokane Valley, WA
Spotsylvania County, VA
Spring Hill, FL
Spring Hill, TN
Spring, TX
Springdale, AR
Springdale, OH
Springfield, IL
Springfield, MO
Springfield, OH
Springfield, TN
Springville, NY
St. Charles, IL
St. Charles, MO
St. Clairsville, OH
St. George, UT
St. Joseph, MO
St. Lucie West, FL
St. Mary's County, MD
St. Petersburg, FL
St. Robert, MO
Stafford, VA
Starkville, MS
State College, PA
Statesboro, GA
Statesville, NC
Staunton, VA
Sterling Heights, MI
Sterling, VA
Steubenville, OH
Stockbridge, GA
Stone Mountain, GA
Stony Brook, NY
Stow, OH
Streetsboro, OH
Strongsville, OH
Stroudsburg, PA
Stuart, FL
Suffolk, VA
Sugar Land, TX
Sulphur, LA
Summerlin, NV
Summersville, WV
Summerville, SC
Sumter, SC
Sunbury, PA
Sunnyvale, CA
Sunrise, FL
Sunrise, NV
Surf City, NC
Surprise, AZ
Sussex County, DE
Suwanee, GA
SW Sarasota, FL
Sylva, NC
Sylvania Township, OH
Syracuse, NY
Tacoma, WA
Tahlequah, OK
Tampa Palms, FL
Tampa, FL
Tappahannock, VA
Tarboro, NC
Tarpon Springs, FL
Temecula, CA
Tempe, AZ
Temple, TX
Tennessee Millwork
Terre Haute, IN
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
The Woodlands, TX
Thibodaux, LA
Thomaston, ME
Thomasville Forest Products
Thomasville Millwork Division
Tiffin, OH
Tifton, GA
Tigard, OR
Tilton, NH
Timonium, MD
Titusville, FL
Tomball, TX
Toms River, NJ
Topeka, KS
Torrance, CA
Traverse City, MI
Troutman, NC
Troy, AL
Troy, OH
Trumbull County, OH
Trussville, AL
Tukwila, WA
Tulare, CA
Tullahoma, TN
Tulsa-Midtown, OK
Tupelo, MS
Turlock, CA
Turnersville, NJ
Tuscaloosa, AL
Tustin, CA
Twin Falls, ID
Tyler, TX
Ulster, NY
Union City, TN
Union Township, PA
Union, NJ
Uniontown, PA
University Centre, NC
Upland, CA
Upper Moreland, PA
Upper West Side, NY
Utica, NY
Vacaville, CA
Valdosta, GA
Valdosta, GA RDC
Vallejo, CA
Van Buren, AR
Venice, FL
Vernon Hills, IL
Vero Beach, FL
Vestal, NY
Victoria, TX
Victorville, CA
Vidalia, GA
Vincennes, IN
Virginia Beach, VA
Visalia, CA
Vista, CA
Voorhees, NJ
W Eugene, OR
W Little Rock, AR
W. Amherst, NY
W. Asheville, NC
W. Ashley, SC
W. Boca Raton, FL
W. Bountiful, UT
W. Cape Coral, FL
W. Chandler, AZ
W. Chesapeake, VA
W. Chesterfield, VA
W. Dallas, TX
W. Davie, FL
W. Des Moines, IA
W. Erie, PA
W. Evansville, IN
W. Fayetteville, NC
W. Ft. Wayne, IN
W. Indianapolis, IN
W. Jordan, UT
W. Lancaster, PA
W. Lansing, MI
W. Marietta, GA
W. Mobile, AL
W. Nashville, TN
W. Orlando, FL
W. Philadelphia, PA
W. Phoenix, AZ
W. Raleigh, NC
W. Sacramento, CA
W. San Antonio, TX
W. Spring, TX
W. Summerlin, NV
W. Torrance, CA
W. Tulsa, OK
W. Wichita, KS
W. Windsor, NJ
W. York, PA
Wadsworth, OH
Waipahu, HI
Wake Forest, NC
Wallingford, CT
Wapakoneta, OH
Ware, MA
Wareham, MA
Warner Robins, GA
Warren, MI
Warren, PA
Warrensburg, MO
Warrington, PA
Warsaw, IN
Warwick, RI
Washington, DC
Washington, MO
Washington, NC
Washington, PA
Waterford Lake, FL
Waterford, CT
Waterloo, IA
Waterloo, NY
Watertown, NY
Wauwatosa, WI
Waveland, MS
Waxhaw, NC
Waycross, GA
Waynesboro, PA
Waynesboro, VA
Waynesville, NC
Weaverville, NC
Webster, NY
Wenatchee, WA
Wentzville, MO
West Bridgewater, MA
West Chester, OH
West Columbia, SC
West Columbus, OH
West Hills, CA
West Kingsport, TN
West Knoxville, TN
West Mifflin, PA
West Plano, TX
West Richmond, VA
West St. Paul, MN
West Valley City, UT
Westborough, MA
Western Contact Center
Western Hills, OH
Westland, MI
Westminster, CO
Westminster, MD
Wetumpka, AL
Wheelersburg, OH
Wheeling, WV
White Lake, MI
White Marsh, MD
White Settlement, TX
Whitehall Township, PA
Whiteville, NC
Wichita Falls, TX
Wildwood, FL
Wilkes-Barre, PA
Wilkesboro, NC
Williamsburg, VA
Willoughby, OH
Wilmington Pike, OH
Wilmington, DE
Wilmington, NC
Wilmington, OH
Wilson, NC
Winchester, VA
Winston West, NC
Winter Garden, FL
Winter Haven, FL
Wise County, VA
Woburn, MA
Wood County, WV
Wood Village, OR
Woodbridge, NJ
Woodhaven, MI
Woodstock, GA
Woodstock, VA
Wooster, OH
Worcester, MA
Wytheville, VA
Xenia, OH
Yakima, WA
Yonkers, NY
York, PA
York, SC
Yuba City, CA
Yukon, OK
Yuma, AZ
Zanesville, OH
Zephyrhills, FL
Zions Crossroads, VA
Zionsville, IN Job Description Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law. Find out about all of our career opportunities, news, and events at Lowe’s Email Address Category Location Confirm Email   See the way’s Lowe’s Heroes employee volunteers give back to the communities they call home. Lowe’s Heroes are always striving to lend a helping hand to their communities. Anastazia Gomes shares her story of how the teamwork at Lowe’s made a very large impact. Please sign up here to join our Talent Community First Name Last Name Email Address City State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
PR
Guam Upload ResumeRemove Areas of Interest Confirm Email   Interested in a #job in #Shallotte, NC? This could be a great fit: bit.ly/2FxpHBU #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/13/2018 Want to work at Lowe's Stores? We're #hiring in #MachesneyPark, IL! Click for details: bit.ly/2AxpKyK #Retail #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr Industrial Engineer DC - bit.ly/2FvFVM5 #SupplyChain #Mooresville, NC #Job #Jobs
Posted: 01/13/2018 Join our corporate team today! Interested? Discover open opportunities here: sm.lowes.com/9TOQPm pic.twitter.com/tW7Xi1Q88y
Posted: 01/12/2018 This #job might be a great fit for you: CSA Front End - bit.ly/2FuUmzZ #CustomerService #Amarillo, TX #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 If you're looking for work in #MachesneyPark, IL, check out this #job: bit.ly/2FxpO0u #Retail #Hiring
Posted: 01/12/2018 As the spring hiring season approaches, we thank our employees who work so hard to help people love where they live! We're proud to have volunteered over 87,000 hours last year.
Posted: 01/12/2018 We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Public Relations Manager - bit.ly/2qX7FGe #BusinessMgmt #Mooresville, NC
Posted: 01/12/2018 Lowe's is an Equal Opportunity Employer © 2017 Lowe's. All rights reserved. Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.
Landscape Tech class 1

Your Custom Text Here Apply with us today by filling out our application after reviewing the job description & requirements. In order to keep our application process consistent, please refrain from calling or visiting our offices at this time. We will contact you after we review your application. Thank you. Hiring immediately! This position is for someone with experience in building  Our base of operations is at our nursery in Lloyd, Fl.   Employee status: Non exempt, Hourly Team association: Crew members/production Mgt./Nursery Responsible for providing excellent landscaping services to Dickerson Landscaping customer. We are interested in individuals who work well with others and are motivated by a job well done (and put forth the effort to keep things their best) will excel in this position! Creative; you are eager to learn and improve yourself and your environment and conscientiously apply your keen abilities in support of Dickerson Landscaping expectation for excellence. Salary: $15-$18 based on experience (also expected to complete company training program within 90 days.) Job duties and responsibilities of the Landscape Crew Technician: Required essential duties and tasks to be performed involve sitting, up and down activities; standing; use of hands to operate hand held equipment; frequent walking, stooping, kneeling, and reaching with arms and hands, as well as talking and hearing. Specific vision requirements including extensive searching for different plant types, close vision, depth perception and an ability to adjust focus. Copyright 2016 Dickerson Landscaping 12 Hayfield Spur Monticello, FL 850-422-3001
Residential Service Worker/RPC

Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Residential Service Worker/RPC FUNCTION: The Residential Services Worker is responsible for monitoring the activities of residents of the Shelter and for ensuring compliance with program rules and conditions.  He/she is also responsible for ensuring the safety of residents and the security and sanitation of the program.  The Residential Worker also provides direct support to residents as needed. EFFECT ON END RESULTS:   The successful candidate shall possess a B.A. Degree in Human Services or related field; or a High School Diploma/GED and at least 2 years community based social services experience or other related experience with vulnerable populations. Requirements include the ability to interact and communicate effectively with others.  The Residential Services Worker must be able to prepare written reports; monitor and direct program activities; and ensure the safety and security of program operations. The ability to communicate orally and in writing effectively in Spanish is preferred.  The successful candidate shall possess a B.A. Degree in Human Services or related field; or a High School Diploma/GED and at least 2 years community based social services experience or other related experience with vulnerable populations. Requirements include the ability to interact and communicate effectively with others.  The Residential Services Worker must be able to prepare written reports; monitor and direct program activities; and ensure the safety and security of program operations. The ability to communicate orally and in writing effectively in Spanish is preferred.
Maintainer - F/T

Departments » Departments A-K » Human Resources » Employment Opportunities This full-time position will perform service maintenance on transit vehicles and equipment. These duties will include: maintaining proper amounts of fuel, oil and coolant in transit vehicles; operating automatic washer to remove dust, oil, and road grime from exterior surfaces of vehicles; cleaning and mopping interior of vehicles; keeping accurate records of mileage, fuel, and fluids; operating buses in wash bay and replenishing cleaning supplies in wash bay as needed.  While performing the duties of this position, the employee will be required to stoop, kneel, climb, crouch, or crawl regularly and work near moving mechanical parts. Exposure to fumes, airborne particles, chemicals, loud noises and vibration is very likely. Qualified applicants must have a high school diploma or G.E.D. Some knowledge of vehicle maintenance is preferred.  A Virginia Driver’s License and an excellent driving record are required.  A Commercial Driver’s License must be obtained within six-months of employment. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. This position will follow the CDL drug testing guidelines during the employment period and a pre-employment drug screening is required. A satisfactory post offer pre-employment criminal background investigation will be required of the selected applicant. Hours of work will be: Monday through Friday: 9:00 PM - 5:30 AM. Starting salary range is $22,774/year - $25,052/year (plus evening shift differential) with benefits that include: fully paid employee medical, dental and vision insurance; long-term disability insurance and life insurance. With retirement benefits provided through the Virginia Retirement System. Direct Deposit of pay is required. A Town of Blacksburg application is required for this position by 5:00 p.m. on Friday, February 2, 2018. Applications are available at the Human Resources Office located in the Municipal Building at 300 South Main Street, Blacksburg, VA  24060 or may be downloaded at www.blacksburg.gov/jobs. Individuals with disabilities requiring accommodation in the application process may call 540-443-1021 (voice) or utilize the VA Relay Center at 711 (TDD). An EEO Employer M/F/D/V Download Application: pdf Download Application: Word doc. Free viewers are required for some of the attached documents.
They can be downloaded by clicking on the icons below. Copyright © 2018 Town of Blacksburg, VA • Privacy Policy And Disclaimer • Website Developed by Vision Internet
Manufacturing Associate - Fiber Web

         Copyright © 2017 Danaher. All Rights Reserved.
Business Systems Analyst I

        :   :         
Solar Organizer (11217)

Founded in 2014 by former environmental non-profit workers, political staffers and field directors, Embark helps homeowners turn solar curiosity into a course of action.  Embark's Solar Community Organizer & Canvasser team work with and for our customers. They establish the special relationships Embark fosters with every homeowner we service. Via door-to-door canvassing, grassroots and event outreach, they engage and inform homeowners about their solar options and schedule appointments for custom proposals. No experience necessary and paid training. This position is an excellent way to begin a career in solar energy. Full-time or part-time positions available in Brooklyn, NY 11217.  - Work efficiently as a team member and solo
- Top-notch communicators who are as good at listening as at talking
- 1 year experience community outreach, solar, as a canvasser, customer service or sales rep
- Must be comfortable walking for 1-2 hour periods
- Reliable transportation, ability to maneuver NYC metro area  Salary, commissions are dependent on performance and experience. First-year community organizer & canvassers average between $40k and $65k annually. Embark offers benefits providing security and well-being to employees and eligible dependents, including domestic partners.  We're certain your novella/cover letter is great. A paragraph explaining your interest and a resume works for us. Email us here. Embark is an equal opportunity employer. Find our other positions at embarksolar.com/careers.
Clerk - PRN

      
Customer Support Analyst

COMPANY OVERVIEW: Our client is a large specialty chemical manufacturing company headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana with locations throughout the United States. They are a company that is in the process of upgrading systems, equipment, and processes to do things better, smarter, and to meet customer demand. They are seeking those who see change and continual improvement as a rewarding challenge. Those who thrive with this company are those who can take initiative, analyze problems, see the opportunities, and then organize resources to provide solutions'no matter if you are a customer service representative helping our customers or you work with IT infrastructure. PURPOSE AND ROLE: Analyzes a customer service department's operations and provides recommendations on ways to improve productivity and customer satisfaction levels. Using various data such as customer satisfaction reports, surveys and complaint logs, Customer Service Analysts are able to develop strategies and techniques to enhance the service department's effectiveness. They may also work directly with customers helping to troubleshoot issues and resolve customer dissatisfaction. The Customer Support Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Requirements & Experience:  If you are someone who enjoys challenge and variety and who would like to be a driving force in defining solutions which will provide a definite social value, please apply by sending resume to lita@performantsolutions.com You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
Busser

The Busser is one of the most supportive roles we have in the restaurant.   As part of the service team, they impact the guest throughout their whole experience.   From setting tables, to communicating with the other work groups without their partnership we would not be successful.   As a busser you will be working in a fast paced environment, using your ability to multitask to execute each shift to the standards of service. All crewmembers provide friendly, helpful and knowledgeable guest service that goes above and beyond at all times. Each crewmember contributes and excels in a team service environment. You will be responsible for understanding and following all company standards and guidelines, and performs opening, on-going, and closing side-work duties. ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS: ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: 
Delivery Associate- Freemasburg

Responsible for transporting deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and DOT regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries according to manifest in a safe, responsible manner and in accordance with company procedures and applicable DOT regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Follows the daily delivery schedule or coordinates the most efficient deliveries by applying knowledge of customer schedules, peak delivery times and alternate routes.*  Applies knowledge and abilities to safely load and unload deliveries according to size of load and content description.*  Completes required paperwork to include overage/shortage sheets, trip records and maintenance logs.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles daily receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Performs daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections, corrective and preventative maintenance and documents on the driver’s truck inspection sheets.*  Maintains a daily, legible DOT log book and submits as required.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Participates and assists in the completion of various service calls.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Maintains valid drivers license, DOT physical card and submits copies of renewals to the manager in a timely fashion.* CDL license NOT required  Performs other related duties as assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Language Ability: Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license Medical Card
Delivery Associate, Hot Shot- Freemansburg

Responsible for transporting on-demand deliveries in accordance with company guidelines and state regulations by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Transports deliveries in a safe, efficient manner in accordance with company procedures and applicable state regulations.*  Operates company vehicle in a professional, safe and courteous manner.*  Obtains and maintains proper customer delivery authorizations and pickup documentation, including CODs and submits in a timely manner.*  Secures CODs received from customers, reconciles receipts and submits upon return to the facility.*  Provides good customer service and maintains a professional manner and appearance to enhance the company's image.*  Ensures delivery of appropriate merchandise in accordance with customer invoices.*  Provides basic maintenance for vehicle such as maintaining vehicle in a neat and clean manner and performing pre-trip inspections.*  Reports all accidents/damage/malfunctions to management and completes appropriate documentation in a timely fashion.*  Assist warehouse operations in completion of special assigned tasks as directed.* CDL license NOT required  Performs other related duties as assigned  Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.  Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have general computer knowledge.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related driving experience or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Certificates and Licenses: CDL license NOT required Valid driver's license  Equipment: None  Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Vision Requirements: x Close Vision (clear vision at 20 inches or less) x Distance Vision (clear vision at 20 feet or more) x Peripheral Vision (ability to observe an area that can be seen up and down or to the left and right while eyes are fixed on a given point) x Depth Perception (three-dimensional vision, ability to judge distances and spatial relationships) x Ability to Adjust Focus (ability to adjust the eye to bring an object into sharp focus) x Ability to See Color
Material Control Analyst I

Material Control Analyst I in  GAC Savannah Unique Skills: Candidate must have previous experience with industry standard or aerospace hardware and fasteners. Understanding of military and industry specifications to include determining alternate and substitution fasteners. The ability to read blue prints and drawings is a plus. SAP experience is desirable.s Education and Experience Requirements:  Languages Required (in addition to English): English  Additional Information Requisition Number: 122981 Category: Materials Percentage of Travel: None Shift: First Employment Type: Full-time Posting End Date: 01/22/2018  Gulfstream does not provide work visa sponsorship for this position, unless the applicant is a currently sponsored Gulfstream employee.  Legal Information
|
Site Utilities
|
Contacts
|
Sitemap

Copyright © 2014 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
A General Dynamics Company
. Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world's most technologically-advanced business jet aircraft
Mobile Social Services Case Manager

 Description Purpose: Do you currently have your Masters degree and active Pa Human Services Licensure? Are you experienced in behavioral health, addiction treatment, clinical, utilization management, home care, discharge planning, and case management? If so, UPMC may have the perfect fit for you!  UPMC is hiring a full time Mobile Social Services Case Manager to support our Community Team with UPMC Health Plan. This will be a Monday through Friday daylight role located in Pittsburgh, Pa. This position will require travel throughout Allegheny County as need by the department.  The Social Worker assists UPMC Health Plan members who require care coordination and conducts assessments that include behavioral, clinical, social, and environmental concerns or needs. Members will be followed in their community, place of residence, and in facilities. The Mobile Social Service Case Manager will coordinate programs, services, and facilitate communication between the member's physicians, physical and behavioral health clinicians, and community-based services.

Responsibilities: Qualifications UPMC is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities At UPMC, our shared goal is to create a cohesive, positive, experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. If you too are driven by these values, you may be a great fit at UPMC! UPMC provides a total rewards package that can help you achieve the goals you have for your career and your personal life. Whether you want to learn a new skill through a training course, reach personal health and wellness targets, become more involved in your community, or follow a career path that provides you with the right experience to be successful, UPMC can help you get to where you want to be. Now more than ever, YOU can help us shape our communities and UPMC into a better place for everyone to work, study, play, and thrive. Learn more about working here and check out our policies and recent updates.  Description Purpose: Do you currently have your Masters degree and active Pa Human Services Licensure? Are you experienced in behavioral health, addiction treatment, clinical, utilization management, home care, discharge planning, and case management? If so, UPMC may have the perfect fit for you!  UPMC is hiring a full time Mobile Social Services Case Manager to support our Community Team with UPMC Health Plan. This will be a Monday through Friday daylight role located in Pittsburgh, Pa. This position will require travel throughout Allegheny County as need by the department.  The Social Worker assists UPMC Health Plan members who require care coordination and conducts assessments that include behavioral, clinical, social, and environmental concerns or needs. Members will be followed in their community, place of residence, and in facilities. The Mobile Social Service Case Manager will coordinate programs, services, and facilitate communication between the member's physicians, physical and behavioral health clinicians, and community-based services.

Responsibilities: Qualifications UPMC is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities At UPMC, our shared goal is to create a cohesive, positive, experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. If you too are driven by these values, you may be a great fit at UPMC! UPMC provides a total rewards package that can help you achieve the goals you have for your career and your personal life. Whether you want to learn a new skill through a training course, reach personal health and wellness targets, become more involved in your community, or follow a career path that provides you with the right experience to be successful, UPMC can help you get to where you want to be. Now more than ever, YOU can help us shape our communities and UPMC into a better place for everyone to work, study, play, and thrive. Learn more about working here and check out our policies and recent updates. Join our Talent Network
Love Kids - be a Saturday Morning Soccer Coach!

Soccer Shots is looking for part-time Saturday Morning soccer coaches who love having fun with kids (no soccer experience is necessary)! First, visit our website, www.soccershots.org/eastbay, to see what we are all about!  We introduce soccer to young children in a fun and non-competitive way throughout the East Bay (Contra Costa County, Dublin, Pleasanton, Livermore).  If this seems like a match for you, we have openings for a part-time coach to work Saturday mornings (9-11am or 10-12 am) between Alamo and San Ramon.  We offer great pay ($20/class, more if 12 ECE units) and rewarding work. Hours are very part-time** with a set schedule (every Saturday, same time each week).  Current hours are approximately 9am-12pm.  **We have classes as well during week that may also be available if looking for more hours  **  Soccer Shots will provide all curriculum and training. No coaching experience is necessary, just a desire to work with kids in a fun high energy environment!  We are looking to hire/train as soon as possible for classes right away.  Great coaches will have continuing opportunities in the winter/spring.  If you are interested, simply email us and include a few pieces of information to eastbay (at) soccershots.org: For more info on Soccer Shots, visit our website at: www.soccershots.org/eastbay.  ** This is a part-time job; if you are looking for full-time work, this job is not a match. **  ** You must have a driver’s license and reliable transportation (a car). **  ** All coaches are required to clear a background check. **  ** Need to be able to lift equipment, approximately 15-20 pounds. ** Soccer Shots is an engaging children's soccer program with a focus on character development. Our caring team positively impacts children's lives on and off the field through best-in-class coaching, curriculum and communication. The best coaches in the business An exceptional customer experience with ongoing communication Expert-approved curriculum that aligns with early childhood education standards If you have a passion for positively impacting children, we’d love to talk to you. Soccer Shots is an international franchise brand with franchises in 34 states and Canada. This position is for your local franchise. Visit soccershots.org to learn more and/or for franchising opportunities. (if you already have a resume on Indeed) * required fields | support@careerplug.com | Privacy Policy
Patient Liaison

        :   :         
Public Affairs Intern

    
Associate Accounting Analyst - Agency Accounts Receivable

         We need someone who understands the ‘big picture impact’ of the accounting process. You will review and approve highly complex account reconciliations and ensure they accurately reflect the account’s balance. Conducting insightful assessments of the internal and external business landscape with an awareness of financial impact will be an important part of your job. You will actively pursue process improvements and identify what success looks like to the customer. Your on-going partnerships with customers will lead to continuously improving service levels. We are looking for someone who thrives in a dynamic, established company and enjoys the challenges of understanding business needs and acting on them. We want a hands-on strategic individual who works independently as well as in a highly collaborative team environment. Your job duties will include: •Responsible for research and resolution of customer remittances in an Accounts Receivables environment.
•Interfaces with customers as the first point of contact to resolve customer service calls/queries/problems.
•Investigates, analyzes, coordinates and tracks customer issues and problems.
•Assist with training of business process changes for assigned areas as needed.
•Participate on teams for process improvement, cost reduction and issue resolution. •High School Diploma.
•Typically requires 0-2 years of analytical experience in the field or related area.
•Problem Solving-identifying problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.
•Good computer skills including all applications in Microsoft Office.
•Good analytical, verbal and written skills.
•Ability to identify and research problems and resolve with appropriate solutions.
•Ability to facilitate meetings with cross functional teams.
•Experience with mainframe system, Oracle preferred.     Login to Access Your Profile Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Glasssdoor © 2017 First American Financial Corporation and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. First American Title Insurance Company makes no express or implied warranty respecting the information presented and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. First American, the eagle logo, firstam.com, and First American Title are registered trademarks or trademarks of First American Financial Corporation and/or its affiliates. From FORTUNE Magazine, March 15, 2017 ©2017 Time Inc. Used under license. FORTUNE and FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks of Time Inc. and are used under license. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, First American Financial Corporation.
outreach worker

All jobs → outreach worker Brooklyn, New York, United States Job Description: Education and Experience Summary:
Accountant I

The Accountant I performs entry-level, professional accounting work with minimal supervision in a variety of fiscal settings such as payroll, procurement, general ledger accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, sales tax accounting, and departmental accounting activities. This position may also work with payment ordinance, system security access and vendor master data. The work may include the editing of payroll data along with pay check calculations, review of source documents used in accounting, the maintenance of ledgers, registers or other records, initial entry or control accounts, preparation of payment ordinances, reviewing of vendor master data, granting users access to SAP, reviewing and the preparation of financial, statistical, and narrative reports for operational, capital, and grant related activities.  This recruitment may be used by any department for any current or future vacancies over the life of the eligible list.  RECRUITMENT DATES  Recruitment closes January 29, 2018. All materials must be received by 11:59 p.m. on this date.  SALARY  $42,515 - $63,315 annually. Candidates may be hired above the minimum depending upon qualifications.  Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO.  For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/007.pdf  JOB REQUIREMENTS     PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS – A well-qualified candidate will possess the job requirements listed above, plus:      HOW TO APPLY  Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above.  YOUR COVER LETTER
AND
RESUME,
PLUS
ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN
ONE
ATTACHMENT.  Only online applications are accepted for this position.  The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address.  WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW     REFERENCE   Accountant I, JC: 03210, ID# 25663, 1/15/18, 6M, VG, Benefits: 7, Q  City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity.   AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.    
Product Designer

Product Designer | Acorns At Acorns, we're building a different kind of investing experience - one that looks after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming. The Acorns team is passionate about pursuing our mission and living our values. It all begins with Heart. Our Heart leads us in everything we do. It allows us to make bold decisions, build trust, grow and advance our society. Come find your place at Acorns and join us in the revolution. In this position, you’ll work side-by-side with a world-class team to define the interaction of design products, visualize new concepts, and create a premiere user experience. The role demands great execution, bold thought, and fearlessness. Within 1 month, you will: Within 6 months, you will: Within 12 months, you will: What you will bring to Acorns: What we offer: About Acorns: Acorns is the leading micro-investing app in the U.S. It allows users to round up their daily purchases and automatically Invest the Change® into a low-cost, diversified portfolio of exchange-traded funds offered by some of the world's top asset managers (including Vanguard and BlackRock). Acorns provides the simplest entry-point using the Acorns app on iPhone or Android. Customers accumulate fractional shares in one of five portfolios constructed by world-renowned Nobel Laureate economist Dr. Harry Markowitz. Acorns' smart portfolio algorithms automatically work in the background of life, helping users build wealth naturally, pennies at a time. From Acorns mighty oaks do grow. Mission: With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering step of micro-investing. Values:  Individuals seeking employment at Acorns are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Form CC-305 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 1/31/2020 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
UU Student - Computer

  Assists in computer programming and data processing for wireless sensor networks used in research. Essential Functions
1. Trouble-shoots existing programs in Python and nesC.
2. Writes new programs to execute additional tasks within the wireless sensor network.
3. Work cooperatively and collegially with other undergraduate and graduate students.
4. Performs functions need to deploy the wireless sensor network for pilot tests and research studies.
5. Write and/or modified code in R to process data downloaded from wireless sensor network.
6. Communicates effectively with investigators to learn about goals and issues and to inform about computer program details. This job posting is only available to University of Utah students who have been awarded a Federal Work-Study Award for the current year. Please login to CIS and go to the Finance/Financial Aid section to view your Financial Aid Status. If you have not received a Federal Work-Study Award, then do not complete and submit this application. Before hire, this employer will confirm that you have received a Federal Work-Study Award for the current year. The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to applicants, consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/TDD), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu.


The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (“URS”). Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS must notify the Benefits Department upon hire. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or the University’s Benefits Department at (801) 581-7447.


This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen. Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*). 
Porter

Job Title: Porter Reports to: General Manager


Position Summary: Primarily responsible for providing an inviting environment for the customers by maintaining a neat and clean store.


General Purpose: Customer Service, Operations, Maintenance  Role Qualifications: Position Responsibilities: Critical Success Factors: Reporting to this person: No direct reports.


Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law. Follow us on
Facebook Follow us on
LinkedIn Follow us on
Twitter Follow us on
YouTube Follow us on
Instagram Follow us on
Glassdoor Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law. For individuals with disabilities that need additional assistance at any point in the process, please call 1-800-270-9560 or email staffing@staples.com for more information. EEO is the Law English Version – Revised November 2009 EEO is the Law Supplement English Version – Revised September 2015 Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Staples is committed to providing accommodation to people with disabilities throughout the job application and interview process to the point of undue hardship. If you require an accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact a Customer Care Representative at 1-866-782-7537.
Coordinator III-Regulatory

Job Function: Research & Innovation Position type: Permanent Employment type: Full - Time Location: California - El Segundo Country: USA The Regulatory Affairs Coordinator is responsible to support, and maintain procedures in the Regulatory Affairs Department to ensure the compliance of all cosmetic products which are developed and distributed by NYX Cosmetics. Responsibilities Requirements Minimum Education: Bachelors of Science Degree required - Chemistry background is preferred Minimum Years of Experience: This position requires a minimum of 1-5 years regulatory experience in the cosmetic, personal care, or related industry. Skills and Knowledge  ◄ Back to job list
Fitness Trainer – Sales and Training

We are seeking an enthusiatic fitness trainer with an outgoing and energetic personality to carry out our mission statement… This position is Full Time and includes medical and dental insurance. 9Round Mission Statement:
We empower members to reach their fitness goals, nine rounds at a time, in a fun, healthy and encouraging atmosphere. If you think you have what it takes to be a 9Round trainer and part of the fastest growing fitness franchise in the nation, then, this position is for you. No kickboxing experience needed. Full training provided. Sales and customer service backgrounds are helpful, with some work experience preferred. The duties of a Fitness Trainer are to "Train, Sell and Clean." TRAINING SELLING CLEANING KEY SUCCESS FACTORS  *Over 60,000 Members in 9 countries
*World's Largest Kickboxing Franchise
*Fastest Growing Fitness Franchise in the Nation
*Named One of America's Top Workouts by Men's Health Magazine ABOUT 9ROUND Founded in 2008 by professional kickboxer Shannon Hudson and his wife, Heather, 9Round is a specialized fitness center that brings boxing and kickboxing fitness training to the average person in a convenient, affordable, 30-minute, full body circuit format. The program is developed around a proprietary and copyrighted system of nine challenging workout stations developed by Shannon himself. Today, there are over 450 franchised 9Round clubs open and operating throughout 40 states and nine countries, with plans to have a total of 1,000 locations by 2018. 9Round prides itself on offering fitness solutions and career solutions to people across the world. We invite you to join our team that is dedicated to building the 9Round brand and improving the lives of 9Round owners and members alike.  (if you already have a resume on Indeed) * required fields | support@careerplug.com | Privacy Policy
Med-Car Driver

Kurtz Ambulance Service – New Lenox, IL
Med car drivers wanted! Duties include safely moving patients from beds and/or chairs into and out of wheelchairs, transporting patients to various locations via company vehicle, vehicle inspection and cleaning, and exceptional customer service.The primary duty of all personnel is quality patient care and transport. Exceptional Benefits Package
-Competitive wages-Health, Dental, Vision, Aflac, & Life insurance
-401K with company match
-Annual uniform allowance
-Tuition reimbursement program
-Advancement opportunities available Requirements
-Valid driver's license
-Ability to successfully pass a pre-employment physical and drug screen
-Ability to pass background check including driving record To apply in person
Kurtz Corporate Office1900 Garnet Court New Lenox, IL 60451www.kurtzems.com. Call us today at (815) 485-7300 to discuss your individual opportunity.  You have javascript disabled on your browser. You will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. If you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance. 
HR Solution Center Representative


